

                                                                  Exhibit 10.1



                             EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), made and entered into
as of January 1, 2005, between Alamosa Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
with its principal office located at 5225 S. Loop 289, Lubbock, TX (together
with its successors and assigns permitted under this Agreement) ("Alamosa"),
and David E. Sharbutt ("Employee").

                             W I T N E S S E T H:

         WHEREAS, Alamosa and Employee entered into that certain Employment
Agreement effective as of October 1, 1999 (the "Original Agreement");

         WHEREAS, Alamosa and Employee entered into that certain Employment
Agreement effective as of October 1, 2002 (the "Amended and Restated
Agreement");

         WHEREAS, Alamosa and Employee entered into an Amendment No. 1 to the
Original Agreement effective as of January 1, 2004 (the "Amendment No. 1").

         WHEREAS, Alamosa has determined that it is in the best interests of
Alamosa and its stockholders to enter into this Agreement amending and
restating the obligations and duties of both Alamosa and Employee under the
Original Agreement and any amendments thereto; and

         WHEREAS, Alamosa wishes to assure itself of the continued service of
Employee for the period hereinafter provided, and Employee is willing to be
employed by Alamosa for said period, upon the terms and conditions provided in
this Agreement;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants
contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of
which is mutually acknowledged, Alamosa and Employee (individually a "Party"
and together the "Parties") agree as follows:

1.       DEFINITIONS.

         (a) "Affiliate" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2
promulgated under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.

         (b) "Base Salary" shall mean the annual salary provided for in
Section 3 below, as adjusted from time to time by the Board.

         (c) "Beneficial Owner" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3
under the Exchange Act.

         (d) "Beneficiary" shall mean the person or persons named by Employee
pursuant to Section 22 below or, in the event that no such person is named and
survives Employee, his estate.

         (e) "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of Alamosa.

         (f) "Cause" shall mean:

                  (i) Employee's conviction in a court of law of, or guilty
         plea or no contest plea to, a felony charge,

                  (ii) willful, substantial and continued failure by Employee
         to perform his duties under this Agreement,

                  (iii) willful engagement by Employee in conduct that is
         demonstrably and materially injurious to Alamosa,

                  (iv) a breach by Employee of Section 11 or Section 12 below.
         For the purposes of clauses (ii) and (iii) of this definition, no act
         or failure to act on the part of Employee shall be deemed "willful"
         (x) if caused by Disability or (y) unless done, or omitted to be
         done, by him not in good faith or without reasonable belief that his
         act or omission was in the best interests of Alamosa.

         (g) "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred if the event
set forth in any one of the following paragraphs shall have occurred:

         (i)      any Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or
                  indirectly, of securities of Alamosa (not including in the
                  securities beneficially owned by such Person any securities
                  acquired directly from Alamosa or its Affiliates)
                  representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of
                  Alamosa's then outstanding securities, excluding any Person
                  who becomes such a Beneficial Owner in connection with a
                  transaction described in clause (A) of paragraph (iii)
                  below; or

         (ii)     the following individuals cease for any reason to constitute
                  a majority of the number of directors then serving:
                  individuals who, on the date hereof, constitute the Board
                  and any new director (other than a director whose initial
                  assumption of office is in connection with an actual or
                  threatened election contest, including but not limited to a
                  consent solicitation, relating to the election of directors
                  of Alamosa) whose appointment or election by the Board or
                  nomination for election by Alamosa's stockholders was
                  approved or recommended by a vote of at least two-thirds
                  (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were
                  directors on the date hereof or whose appointment, election
                  or nomination for election was previously so approved or
                  recommended; or

         (iii)    there is consummated a merger or consolidation of Alamosa or
                  any direct or indirect subsidiary of Alamosa with any other
                  corporation or other entity, other than (A) a merger or
                  consolidation (1) which results in the voting securities of
                  Alamosa outstanding immediately prior to such merger or
                  consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining
                  outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of
                  the surviving entity or any parent thereof) at least 60% of
                  the combined voting power of the securities of Alamosa or
                  such surviving entity or any parent thereof outstanding
                  immediately after such merger or consolidation and (2) after
                  which the individuals who comprise the Board immediately
                  prior thereto constitute at least a majority of the board of
                  directors of Alamosa, the entity surviving such merger or
                  consolidation or, if Alamosa or the entity surviving such
                  merger is then a subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof, or
                  (B) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a
                  recapitalization of Alamosa (or similar transaction) in
                  which no Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly
                  or indirectly, of securities of Alamosa (not including in
                  the securities Beneficially Owned by such Person any
                  securities acquired directly from Alamosa or its Affiliates)
                  representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of
                  Alamosa 's then outstanding securities; or

         (iv)     the stockholders of Alamosa approve a plan of complete
                  liquidation or dissolution of Alamosa or there is
                  consummated an agreement for the sale or disposition by
                  Alamosa of all or substantially all of Alamosa 's assets,
                  other than a sale or disposition by Alamosa of all or
                  substantially all of Alamosa's assets immediately following
                  which the individuals who comprise the Board immediately
                  prior thereto constitute at least a majority of the board of
                  directors of the entity to which such assets are sold or
                  disposed or any parent thereof.

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, a "Change of Control" shall not be
deemed to have occurred by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or
series of integrated transactions immediately following which the record
holders of the common stock of Alamosa immediately prior to such transaction
or series of transactions continue to have substantially the same
proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of
the assets of Alamosa immediately following such transaction or series of
transactions.

         (h) "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as from time
to time amended.

         (i) "Committee" shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board.

         (j) "Date of Termination" shall mean, with respect to any purported
termination of Employee's employment during the Term, (i) if Employee's
employment terminates due to Disability, 30 days after a good faith
determination of Disability by Alamosa (provided that Employee shall not have
returned to full-time performance of his duties during such 30-day period),
(ii) if Employee's employment terminates due to death, the date of death, and
(iii) if Employee's employment terminates for any other reason, the date
specified in the Notice of Termination (which shall be not less than 30 days
after the date of such Notice of Termination).

         (k) "Disability" shall have the meaning set forth in Alamosa's
long-term disability policy as in effect from time to time.

         (l) "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

         (m) "Excise Tax" shall mean any excise tax imposed under Section 4999
of the Code.

         (n) "Good Reason" shall mean the occurrence (without Employee's
express written consent) of any one of the following acts or omissions by
Alamosa unless, in the case of any act or omission described in this Section
1(n), such act or omission is corrected prior to the Date of Termination
specified in the Notice of Termination in respect thereof:

                  (i) the assignment to Employee of any duties inconsistent
         with Employee's status as the chief executive officer of Alamosa or a
         substantial adverse alteration in the nature of Employee's authority,
         duties or responsibilities, or any other action by Alamosa which
         results in a diminution in such status, authority, duties or
         responsibilities (it being understood that a mere change in
         authority, duties or responsibilities, or any other action by Alamosa
         will not constitute Good Reason in and of itself unless it results in
         a substantial adverse alteration or diminution of Employee's
         authority, duties or responsibilities), excluding for this purpose an
         isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith
         and which is remedied by Alamosa promptly after receipt of notice
         thereof given by Employee;

                  (ii) subject to its obligations to stockholders, the failure
         by Alamosa to ensure Employee's continued service as a member of the
         Board and the Chairman thereof;

                  (iii) a reduction by Alamosa in Employee's base salary
         and/or annual bonus opportunity as in effect on the date hereof or as
         the same may be increased from time to time, except for
         across-the-board reductions similarly affecting all senior executives
         of Alamosa;

                  (iv) the failure by Alamosa to pay to Employee any portion
         of Employee's current compensation except pursuant to an
         across-the-board compensation deferral similarly affecting all senior
         executives of Alamosa;

                  (v) the failure by Alamosa to continue to provide Employee
         with benefits substantially similar to those enjoyed by Employee
         under any of Alamosa's savings/retirement, life insurance, medical,
         health and accident, disability plans or other benefits (including,
         without limitation, automobile, country club, and vacation benefits)
         in which Employee was participating at the time, the taking of any
         action by Alamosa which would directly or indirectly materially
         reduce any of such benefits or deprive Employee of any material
         fringe benefit enjoyed by Employee at the time, (including, without
         limitation, automobile, country club, and vacation benefits);

                  (vi) the relocation of Alamosa's principal offices to a
         location more than 50 miles from the location of such offices on the
         date of this Agreement or a requirement that Employee be based
         anywhere other than at Alamosa's principal offices except for
         necessary travel on Alamosa's business to an extent substantially
         consistent with Employee's business travel obligations on the date of
         this Agreement;

                  (vii) the failure by Alamosa to ensure that Employee will be
         employed by the ultimate parent of Alamosa in the event of any
         corporate transaction; or

                  (viii) any determination by Employee after the occurrence of
         a Change of Control that Good Reason exists (which determination
         shall be final and conclusive).

         (o) "LSAR" means Employee's right to receive a cash payment in
respect of the mandatory cancellation of an option equal to the product of (1)
the excess, if any, of the then fair market value (as determined under the
LTIP) of a share of Alamosa common stock over the per share exercise price of
the option and (2) the number of shares of stock subject to the option.

         (p) "LTIP" means Alamosa's Amended and Restated 1999 Long Term
Incentive Plan, or any successor plan thereto, or any amendment thereof.

         (q) "Notice of Termination" shall mean delivery of written notice by
one Party and receipt thereof by the other Party in accordance with Section 26
below, which notice shall indicate the specific termination provision in this
Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and
circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Employee's
employment hereunder.

         (r) "Person" shall have the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the
Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, except
that such term shall not include (i) Alamosa or any of its subsidiaries, (ii)
a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan
of Alamosa or any of its Affiliates, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding
securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (iv) a corporation
owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of Alamosa in substantially
the same proportions as their ownership of stock of Alamosa.

         (s) "Severance Payments" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
9(d)(ii) below.

         (t) "Tax Counsel" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10
below.

         (u) "Term" shall mean the period specified in Section 2(b) below
during which Employee is employed by Alamosa or any of its Affiliates.

         (v) "Total Payments" shall mean those payments so described in
Section 10 below.

2.       TERM OF EMPLOYMENT, POSITIONS AND DUTIES.

         (a) Employment of Employee. Alamosa hereby employs Employee, and
Employee hereby accepts employment with Alamosa, in the position and with the
duties and responsibilities set forth below and upon such other terms and
conditions as are hereinafter stated.

         (b) Term of Employment. The Term shall commence on the date of this
Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2007, unless it is sooner
terminated as provided in Section 9 below or extended by agreement of the
Parties.

         (c) Title, Duties and Authorities.

                  (i) Until termination of his employment hereunder, Employee
         shall be employed as Chief Executive Officer of Alamosa, reporting to
         the Board, with all the authorities and responsibilities that
         normally accrue to such position of chief executive officer, and
         shall hold such other titles as the Board may grant. Employee shall
         receive no additional compensation for serving in any other capacity,
         such as Chairman of the Board or any similar position.

                  (ii) So long as Employee remains on Alamosa' Board, during
         the Term Alamosa shall ensure Employee continues as Chairman of the
         Board.

         (d) Time and Effort.

                  (i) Employee agrees to devote his best efforts and abilities
         and his full business time and attention to the affairs of Alamosa in
         order to carry out his duties and responsibilities under this
         Agreement.

                  (ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing shall preclude
         Employee from

                         (A) serving on the boards of (x) a reasonable number
                  of trade associations and charitable organizations, and (y)
                  (as defined below) with the prior consent of the Board
                  (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), any other
                  business not in Competition with Alamosa,

                         (B) engaging in charitable activities and community
                  affairs, and

                         (C) managing his personal investments and affairs;
                  provided, however, that any such activities do not
                  materially interfere with the proper performance of his
                  duties and responsibilities specified in Section 2(c) above.

3.       BASE SALARY.

         Employee shall receive from Alamosa an initial Base Salary, payable
in accordance with the regular payroll practices of Alamosa, of $425,000.
During the Term, the Board shall review the Base Salary for increase no less
often than annually.

4.       ANNUAL BONUS.

         Employee shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus, which shall
have an initial target of $340,000. Payment of the annual bonus (which may, in
the Committee's discretion, be paid in whole or in part on a quarterly basis)
shall be based upon the achievement of such performance goals as the Committee
shall determine based on Alamosa's budget and business plan. No annual bonus
will be payable unless the Committee determines that at least 75% of the
performance goals have been achieved. The amount of the annual bonus payable
shall be determined in accordance with the terms of the applicable Alamosa
bonus plan, but in no case shall exceed 200% of the target for the annual
bonus.

5.       LONG-TERM INCENTIVE COMPENSATION.

         During the Term, Employee shall participate in any long-term
incentive plan or plans that may be established by Alamosa for members of
Alamosa's senior management generally.

6.       EQUITY GRANTS.

         (a) Annual Option Grants. On the first business day of January of
each year, the Committee shall grant Employee options according to the
following schedule: 2005 - 80,000 options, 2006 - 64,000 options and 2007 -
51,200 options (each an "Option"). With respect to each Option, three percent
(3%) of the total number of shares subject to such Option shall become vested
and fully exercisable each month following the date of the grant of such
Option. All shares subject to each Option will vest and become vested and
exercisable if Employee's employment terminates pursuant to Section 9(d)
below. Each Option shall have a per share exercise price equal to the fair
market value (as defined in the LTIP) of a share of Alamosa common stock on
the date of grant.

         (b) Incentive Stock Options. All stock options to be granted to
Employee hereunder shall, to the maximum extent permitted by Section 422 of
the Code, be intended to qualify as "incentive stock options."

         (c) Employment Required; Other Option Terms. In order to receive any
option grant pursuant to this Section 6, Employee must be employed by Alamosa
or one of its Affiliates on the date of grant and any option granted pursuant
to this Section 6 shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the form of
Alamosa Executive Stock Option Agreement under the LTIP to the extent such
agreement is not inconsistent with this Section 6. In addition, except as
otherwise provided herein or in the Executive Stock Option Agreement, option
vesting will be subject to Employee's continued employment hereunder.

         (d) Restricted Stock Grant. On the first business date of January of
each year, the Committee shall grant (subject to the terms of the LTIP and the
specific terms of a restricted stock agreement substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A) Employee shares of restricted stock pursuant to
the following schedule: 2005- 60,000 shares; 2006 - 48,000 shares; and 2007 -
38,400 shares.

         (e) LSAR Conversion. Employee acknowledges that immediately prior to
the occurrence of a "change in ownership or control" (as defined in Prop Reg
1.280G-1) of Alamosa, each stock option that has been granted to him pursuant
to this Section 6 that had not yet become vested and exercisable shall
automatically convert into an LSAR.

7.       EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENT.

         Employee shall be entitled to prompt reimbursement by Alamosa for all
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by him during the Term in
performing services under this Agreement, upon his submission of such accounts
and records as may be reasonably required by Alamosa.

8.       EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS AND PERQUISITES.

         During the Term, Employee shall be entitled to participate in all
life insurance, short-term and long-term disability, accident, health
insurance and savings/retirement plans that are applicable to Alamosa
employees generally or to the senior executives of Alamosa. Alamosa will also
reimburse Employee for the cost of the Employee's annual physical exams
performed during the Term by a physician chosen by Employee. The cost of each
such exam (including of any tests performed in connection with the physical)
shall not exceed $5,000.

         In addition, Alamosa will provide at least $5,000,000 term life
insurance on the life of Employee during the Term. Alamosa shall pay for all
costs attributable to such coverage. Such life insurance shall be at least ten
(10) year level premium term life insurance on the life of Employee. Employee
shall have the right to designate the beneficiary of such policy or policies.
Should Employee not be insurable, there will be no obligation upon Alamosa to
provide such life insurance. If Employee's employment terminates during the
Term of this Agreement or at the termination of Employee's employment pursuant
to this Agreement, Employee may assume the premium obligations of this policy
after termination of any continuing coverage provided under Section
9(d)(ii)(D), in which event Alamosa shall assign all its rights in the policy
to Employee. In the event Employee desires to assume the premium obligations
under this policy and at the time of Employee's termination of employment, or
end of any continuing coverage under Section 9(d)(ii)(D) if later, Alamosa has
prepaid any premiums on the policy, Employee shall pay to Alamosa the amount
of any prepayment attributable to any period of coverage after Employee's
termination of employment, or if later, after the continued coverage period
required under Section 9(d)(ii)(D) has elapsed.

         Alamosa will reimburse Employee for the cost of professional services
in the area of financial planning, estate planning and tax planning that are
incurred during the Term up to an aggregate maximum of $10,000 per annum.
During the Term, Employee shall be entitled to receive a car allowance and
reimbursement for club dues and other perquisites consistent with the
Executive Benefit Policy approved by the Committee.

9.       TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT.

         (a) General. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the
event of termination of Employee's employment under this Agreement for any
reason whatsoever, he, his dependents or Beneficiary, as may be the case,
shall be entitled to receive (in addition to payments and benefits under, and
except as specifically provided in, subsections (b) through (e) below as
applicable):

                  (i) his Base Salary through the Date of Termination;

                  (ii) payment in lieu of any unused vacation, in accordance
         with Alamosa's vacation policy and applicable laws:

                  (iii) any earned annual bonus not yet paid to him;

                  (iv) any deferred compensation under any deferred
         compensation agreement or plan then in effect;

                  (v) any other compensation or benefits, including without
         limitation long-term incentive compensation described in Section 5
         above, in accordance with Section 6 above and employee benefits under
         plans described in Section 8 above, that have vested through the Date
         of Termination or to which he may then be entitled in accordance with
         the applicable terms of each award or plan; and

                  (vi) reimbursement in accordance with Section 7 above of any
         business expenses incurred by Employee through the Date of
         Termination but not yet paid to him and reimbursement of any unpaid
         expenses incurred pursuant to Section 8 above.

         (b) Termination due to Death or Disability. In the event that
Employee's employment terminates due to his death or disability, he or his
Beneficiary, as the case may be, shall be entitled, in addition to the
compensation and benefits specified in Section 9(a), to:

                  (i) his Base Salary, at the rate in effect on the Date of
         Termination, through the end of the month in which the termination
         occurs, and

                  (ii) an annual bonus under Alamosa's annual bonus plan. Such
         annual bonus shall be prorated to the Date of Termination and shall
         be paid based on the Board's determination (which shall be made in
         the Board's sole and absolute discretion) of what annual bonus
         Employee would likely have received in respect of the year in which
         the termination occurred.

         (c) Termination by Alamosa for Cause. In the event that Alamosa
terminates Employee's employment for Cause, he shall be entitled only to the
compensation and benefits specified in Section 9(a).

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, termination for Cause may not occur
pursuant to clauses (ii) or (iii) of Section 1(g) above unless and until, with
the Board's prior approval, Alamosa has delivered to Employee Notice of
Termination, which shall contain in reasonable detail the facts purporting to
constitute such nonperformance, act, omission or breach, and afforded him 30
days thereafter to cure the same (if curable) and/or to respond in writing to
the Board setting forth his position that his termination for Cause should not
occur and requesting reconsideration by the Board, in which event (x) the
effective date of termination of employment shall be deferred until the Board
has had the opportunity to consider whether such nonperformance, act, omission
or breach has been cured and to consider any request by Employee for
reconsideration, and (y) the Board shall thereafter cause a written notice to
be delivered on its behalf to Employee stating either that it has rescinded
its determination that his employment is to be terminated for Cause or that
affirms its determination that his employment is to be terminated for Cause
and that contains an effective date of termination of employment, which shall
be not earlier than 15 days after such notice is given. Section 1(n)(i) to the
contrary notwithstanding, upon delivery to Employee of Notice of Termination
under this Section 9(c), Employee shall be suspended from all duties and
responsibilities unless and until the Board rescinds its determination that
his employment is to be terminated for Cause.

         (d) Termination by Alamosa Without Cause or by Employee for Good
Reason.

                  (i) Alamosa shall provide Employee 30 days' Notice of
         Termination of his employment without Cause, and Employee shall
         provide 30 days' Notice of Termination of his employment for Good
         Reason.

                  (ii) In the event of termination by Alamosa of Employee's
         employment without Cause or of termination by Employee of his
         employment for Good Reason, he shall be entitled, in addition to the
         compensation and benefits specified in Section 9(a), to the following
         compensation and benefits (the "Severance Payments"):

                         (A) his Base Salary, at the rate in effect
                  immediately before such termination (three times his Base
                  Salary if the Employee's employment terminates within twelve
                  months following a Change in Control),

                         (B) the higher of the Employee's target annual bonus
                  or average annual bonus earned over the two preceding fiscal
                  years (three times such amount if the Employee's employment
                  terminates within twelve months following a Change in
                  Control),

                         (C) a prorated amount of Employee's annual bonus for
                  the year during which his termination occurs, which bonus
                  shall not be less than the product of (A) the annual bonus
                  paid to Employee for the calendar year preceding the Date of
                  Termination that has most recently been paid to Employee and
                  (B) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days
                  in the current calendar year through the Date of Termination
                  and the denominator of which is 365;

                         (D) continuing coverage under the life, disability,
                  accident and health insurance programs for Alamosa employees
                  generally and under any supplemental programs covering
                  Alamosa executives, as from time to time in effect, for a
                  one-year period from such termination or until Employee
                  becomes eligible for substantially similar coverage under
                  the employee welfare plans of a new employer, whichever
                  occurs earlier (for a two year period if the Employee's
                  employment terminates within twelve months following a
                  Change in Control) (at the end of the foregoing coverage
                  period, Employee shall also be entitled to elect coverage
                  under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of
                  1985 ); and

                         (E) continuation of all other benefits in effect on
                  the Date of Termination (including, without limitation,
                  automobile, country club, vacation and pension benefits, if
                  applicable) for a one-year period (a two year period if the
                  Employee's employment terminates within twelve months
                  following a Change in Control) following such termination or
                  until Employee becomes eligible for substantially similar
                  benefits from a new employer, whichever occurs earlier.

                  (iii) The payments specified in Sections 9(d)(ii)(A), (B)
         and (C) shall be made by Alamosa to Employee in a lump sum in cash
         within 30 days of the Date of Termination.

                  (iv) Employee's right to terminate his employment for Good
         Reason shall not be affected by his incapacity due to physical or
         mental illness. Employee's continued employment shall not constitute
         consent to, or a waiver of rights with respect to, any act or
         omission constituting Good Reason.

                  (v) As a condition to receiving the payments and benefits
         pursuant to this Section 9(d), Employee shall be required to execute
         (and not revoke) a general release of all claims against Alamosa and
         its Affiliates. Such release shall be in a form substantially similar
         to that attached as Exhibit B hereto.

         (e) Voluntary Termination by Employee. Employee shall have the right
voluntarily to terminate his employment in accordance with Section 1(j) above.
If he does so, he shall be entitled only to the compensation and benefits
specified in Section 9(a).

         (f) Cessation of Payments. If, during or after the Term, Employee
commits a breach of Section 11 or Section 12 below, Alamosa shall have no
further obligation to make payments to him under this Agreement except as may
be required in accordance with Section 9(a).

         (g) Resignation from Board. In the event of termination of Employee's
employment under this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, Employee agrees
that he will resign from his service as a member of the Board and Chairman
thereof effective as of his Date of Termination.

         (h) Notice Requirements. Any purported termination of Employee's
employment that is not effected pursuant to Notice of Termination satisfying
the requirements of Sections 1(j) and 1(q) and Section 26 shall not be
effective for purposes of this Agreement.

10.      280G TREATMENT.

         (a) Whether or not Employee becomes entitled to any payments pursuant
to Section 9(d) hereof, if any of the payments or benefits received or to be
received by Employee (whether pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any
other plan, arrangement or agreement with the Company, any Person whose
actions result in a Change of Control or any Person affiliated with Alamosa or
such Person) (all such payments and benefits, excluding the Gross-Up Payment,
being hereinafter referred to as the "Total Payments") will be subject to the
Excise Tax, Alamosa shall pay to Employee an additional amount (the "Gross-Up
Payment") such that the net amount retained by Employee, after deduction of
any Excise Tax on the Total Payments and any federal, state and local income
and employment taxes and Excise Tax upon the Gross-Up Payment, shall be equal
to the Total Payments. The Gross-Up Payment shall be paid to Employee by
Alamosa within two business days of the day of its calculation.

         (b) For purposes of determining whether any of the Total Payments
will be subject to the Excise Tax and the amount of such Excise Tax, (i) all
of the Total Payments shall be treated as "parachute payments" (within the
meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) unless, in the opinion of tax
counsel ("Tax Counsel") reasonably acceptable to Employee, such payments or
benefits (in whole or in part) do not constitute parachute payments, including
by reason of Section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code, (ii) all "excess parachute
payments" within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(l) of the Code shall be
treated as subject to the Excise Tax unless, in the opinion of Tax Counsel,
such excess parachute payments (in whole or in part) represent reasonable
compensation for services actually rendered (within the meaning of Section
280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code) in excess of the base amount (as defined in Section
280G(b)(3) of the Code) allocable to such reasonable compensation, or are
otherwise not subject to the Excise Tax, and (iii) the value of any noncash
benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall be determined in accordance
with the principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code. For purposes
of determining the amount of the Gross-Up Payment, Employee shall be deemed to
pay federal income tax at the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation
in the calendar year in which the Gross-Up Payment is to be made and state and
local income taxes at the highest marginal rate of taxation in the state and
locality of Employee's residence on the date Employee's employment hereunder
terminates (or if there is no such termination, then the date on which the
Gross-Up Payment is calculated for purposes of this Section 10), net of the
maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from
deduction of such state and local taxes.

         (c) In the event that the Excise Tax is finally determined to be less
than the amount taken into account hereunder in calculating the Gross-Up
Payment, Employee shall repay to Alamosa, within five (5) business days
following the time that the amount of such reduction in the Excise Tax is
finally determined, the portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to such
reduction plus that portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to the Excise
Tax and federal, state and local income and employment taxes imposed on the
Gross-Up Payment being repaid by Employee, to the extent that such repayment
results in a reduction in the Excise Tax and a dollar-for-dollar reduction in
Employee's taxable income and wages for purposes of federal, state and local
income and employment taxes, plus interest on the amount of such repayment at
120% of the rate provided in Section 1274(b)(2)(B) of the Code. In the event
that the Excise Tax is determined to exceed the amount taken into account
hereunder in calculating the Gross-Up Payment (including by reason of any
payment the existence or amount of which cannot be determined at the time of
the Gross-Up Payment), Alamosa shall make an additional Gross-Up Payment in
respect of such excess (plus any interest, penalties or additions payable by
Employee with respect to such excess) within five (5) business days following
the time that the amount of such excess is finally determined. Employee and
Alamosa shall each reasonably cooperate with the other in connection with any
administrative or judicial proceedings concerning the existence or amount of
liability for Excise Tax with respect to the Total Payments.

         (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 10, if
it shall be determined that Employee is entitled to a Gross-Up Payment, but
the Total Payments do not exceed 115% of the greatest amount (the "Reduced
Amount") that could be paid to Employee such that the receipt of Total
Payments would not give rise to any Excise Tax, then no Gross-Up Payment shall
be made to Employee and the Total Payments, in the aggregate, shall be reduced
to the Reduced Amount. If a reduction is required, Employee and Alamosa shall
determine, after consultation, which payments and or benefits shall be waived,
reduced or forfeited to accomplish the reduction.

         (e) Upon Employee's request, Alamosa shall provide Employee with a
written statement setting forth the manner in which calculations were made
pursuant to this Section 10 including, without limitation, any opinions or
other advice Alamosa has received from Tax Counsel or other advisors or
consultants (and any such opinions or advice which are in writing shall be
attached to the statement).

11.      NON-COMPETITION/NON-SOLICITATION.

         (a) During Employee's employment with Alamosa, Employee shall not
engage in "Competition" with Alamosa or any Affiliate (collectively, the
"Company Group"). For purposes of this Agreement, Competition by Employee
shall mean Employee's engaging in, or otherwise directly or indirectly being
employed by or acting as a consultant or lender to, or being an agent,
principal, owner, partner, corporate officer, director, shareholder, member,
or investor of, or permitting his name to be used in connection with the
activities of any other business or organization anywhere in the United States
which competes with the Business of any entity in the Company Group. For these
purposes, the "Business" is establishing and providing mobile wireless
communications services, including all aspects of the Business, within the
"Service Area" as that term is defined in the Schedule of Definitions referred
to in and incorporated by reference into the Sprint PCS Management Agreements
dated as of July 10, 1998, December 8, 1998, January 25, 1999, December 6,
1999 and December 23, 1999 (as they may be amended from time to time) or any
other similar Sprint Management Agreement to which Alamosa or any of its
Affiliates may be a party ("the Sprint Agreement"); provided that; it shall
not be a violation of this sub-paragraph for Employee to become the registered
or beneficial owner of up to five percent (5%) of any class of the capital
stock of a competing corporation registered under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, provided the Employee does not actively participate in
the business of such corporation until such time as this covenant expires.

         (b) For a period of one year following the termination of Employee's
employment (two years if Employee's employment terminates under Section 9(d)
during the Term and within twelve months following a Change of Control),
whether upon expiration of this Agreement or otherwise, Employee shall not
engage in Competition, as defined above, in the Service Area or in any area in
which Alamosa had, as of the date of the expiration of termination of this
Agreement, a bona fide intention to begin to operate its Business; provided
that, it shall not be a violation of this sub-paragraph for Employee to (1)
become the registered or beneficial owner of up to five percent (5%) of any
class of the capital stock of a competing corporation registered under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, provided Employee does not
actively participate in the business of such corporation until such time as
this covenant expires, (2) commence employment with an employer or provide
services to an entity who conducts the Business in one or more areas within
the Service Area so long as such areas do not contain more than 25% of
Alamosa's subscribers and Employee's services do not primarily relate to the
Service Area or (3) commence employment with or provide services to a national
carrier of the Business (e.g., Verizon or AT&T) if Employee's services do not
primarily relate to the Service Area. Notwithstanding anything to the
foregoing, it shall not be a violation of this sub-paragraph for an Employee
to commence employment or provide consulting services to an entity that
derives more than 80% of its revenues from cellular communications services.

         (c) For a period of one year (two years if Employee's employment
terminates under Section 9(d) during the Term and within twelve months
following a Change of Control) after Employee ceases to be employed hereunder,
whether upon expiration of this Agreement or otherwise, Employee agrees that
he will not, directly or indirectly, for his benefit or for the benefit of any
other person, firm or entity, do any of the following:

                  (i) recruit or solicit (other than pursuant to general,
         non-targeted advertisements) the employment or services of, or hire,
         in any business enterprise or activity, any person who was employed
         by an entity in the Company Group upon termination of Employee's
         employment, or within six (6) months prior thereto;

                  (ii) solicit from any customer or client doing business with
         an entity in the Company Group as of Employee's termination, business
         of the same or a similar nature to the business of such entity of the
         Company Group with such customer or client;

                  (iii) solicit from any potential customer of an entity in
         the Company Group business of the same or a similar nature to that
         which has been the subject of a written or oral bid, offer or
         proposal by such entity of the Company Group, or of substantial
         preparation with a view to making such a bid, offer or proposal,
         within six (6) months prior to Employee's termination; or

                  (iv) otherwise knowingly interfere with the business or
         accounts of any entity in the Company Group.

         (d) Employee acknowledges that the services to be rendered by him
hereunder are of a special and unique character, which gives this Agreement a
peculiar value to Alamosa, the loss of which may not be reasonably or
adequately compensated for by damages in an action at law, and that a breach
or threatened breach by his of any of the provisions contained in this Section
11 will cause the Company irreparable injury. Employee therefore agrees that
in the event of a violation or threatened violation of any of the provisions
contained in this Section 11, Alamosa or any of its Affiliates shall be
entitled, in addition to any other right or remedy, to a temporary,
preliminary and permanent injunction, without the necessity of proving the
inadequacy of monetary damages or the posting of any bond or security,
enjoining or restraining Employee from any such violation or threatened
violations.

         (e) Employee further agrees that due to the confidential nature of
the information he will possess, the covenants set forth herein are reasonable
and necessary for the protection of the goodwill or other business interest of
the Company Group.

         (f) Employee agrees that if a court of competent jurisdiction
determines that the length of time or any other restriction, or portion
thereof, set forth in this Section 11 is overly restrictive and unenforceable,
the court may reduce or modify such restrictions to those which it deems
reasonable and enforceable under the circumstances, and as so reduced or
modified, the parties hereto agree that the restrictions of this Section 11
shall remain in full force and effect. Employee further agrees that if a court
of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Section 11 is
invalid or against public policy, the remaining provisions of this Section 11
and the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby, and shall
remain in full force and effect.

12.      CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

         Employee recognizes and acknowledges that he will have access to
certain information of members of the Company Group and that such information
is confidential and constitutes valuable, special and unique property of such
members of the Company Group. The Parties agree that Alamosa has a legitimate
interest in protecting the Confidential Information, as defined below, and is
entitled to protection of its interests in the Confidential Information.
Employee shall not at any time, either during or subsequent to the Term,
disclose to others, use, copy or permit to be copied, except in pursuance of
his duties for or on behalf of Alamosa, any Confidential Information of any
member of the Company Group (regardless of whether developed by Employee)
without the prior written consent of Alamosa. Employee acknowledges that the
use or disclosure of the Confidential Information to anyone or any third party
could cause monetary loss and damages to Alamosa. The Parties further agree
that in the event of a violation of this covenant against non-use and
non-disclosure of Confidential Information, Alamosa shall be entitled to a
recovery of damages from Employee and/or an injunction against Employee for
the breach or violation or continued breach or violation of this covenant.

         The term "Confidential Information" with respect to any person means
any secret or confidential information or know-how and shall include, but
shall not be limited to, the plans, financial and operating information,
customers, supplier arrangements, contracts, costs, prices, uses, and
applications of products and services, results of investigations, studies or
experiments owned or used by such person, and all apparatus, products,
processes, compositions, samples, formulas, computer programs, computer
hardware designs, computer firmware designs, and servicing, marketing or
manufacturing methods and techniques at any time used, developed,
investigated, made or sold by such person, before or during the term of this
Agreement, that are not readily available to the public or that are maintained
as confidential by such person. The Employee shall maintain in confidence any
Confidential Information of third parties received as a result of his
employment with the Company in accordance with the Company's obligations to
such third parties and the policies established by the Company.

13.      DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS UPON TERMINATION.

         Employee shall deliver to Alamosa or its designee at the termination
of his employment all correspondence, memoranda, notes, records, drawings,
sketches, plans, customer lists, product compositions, and other documents and
all copies thereof, made, composed or received by Employee, solely or jointly
with others, that are in Employee's possession, custody, or control at
termination and that are related in any manner to the past, present, or
anticipated business or any member of the Company Group. In this regard,
Employee hereby grants and conveys to Alamosa all right, title and interest in
and to, including without limitation, the right to possess, print, copy, and
sell or otherwise dispose of, any reports, records, papers, summaries,
photographs, drawings or other documents, and writings, and copies, abstracts
or summaries thereof, that may be prepared by the Employee or under his
direction or that may come into his possession in any way during the term of
employment with Alamosa that relate in any manner to the past, present or
anticipated business of any member of the Company Group.

14.      DISPUTES.

         The Parties agree to the following in regard to any disputes between
them arising under any of the provisions of this Agreement other than the
provisions of Sections 11 through 13 hereof. Nothing in this Section 14
applies to or governs disputes arising under Sections 11 through 13 of this
Agreement.

         (a) MEDIATION. The Parties agree to mediate any dispute arising under
the applicable provisions of this Agreement. In the event of any such dispute,
the parties, within thirty (30) days of a written request for mediation, shall
attend, in good faith, a mediation in order to make a good faith reasonable
effort to resolve such dispute arising under this Agreement. The Parties shall
attempt, in good faith, to agree to a mediator. If unable to so agree, the
Parties, in that event, will move to arbitration as provided in this Agreement
and there will be no mediation. If this good faith mediation effort fails to
resolve any dispute arising under this Agreement, the Parties agree to
arbitrate any dispute arising under this Agreement. This arbitration shall
occur only after the mediation process described herein.

         (b) ARBITRATION. The Parties agree, on the advice of their counsel,
and as evidenced by the signatures of the Parties and of their respective
attorneys, that all questions as to rights and obligations arising under the
terms of this Agreement are subject to arbitration and such arbitration shall
be governed by the provisions of the Texas General Arbitration Act (Texas
Civil Practice and Remedies Code Section 171.001 et seq as it may be amended
from time to time).

         (c) DEMAND FOR ARBITRATION. If a dispute should arise under this
Agreement, either Party may within thirty (30) days make a demand for
arbitration by filing a demand in writing with the other.

         (d) APPOINTMENT OF ARBITRATORS. The Parties to this Agreement may
agree on one arbitrator, but in the event that they cannot so agree, there
shall be three arbitrators, one named in writing by each of the Parties within
thirty (30) days after demand for arbitration is made, and a third to be
chosen by the two so named. The arbitrators among themselves shall appoint a
presiding arbitrator. Should either Party fail to timely join in the
appointment of the arbitrators, the arbitrators shall be appointed in
accordance with the provisions of Texas Civil Practice and Remedies Code
Section 171.041.

         (e) HEARING. All arbitration hearings conducted under the terms of
this Agreement, and all judicial proceedings to enforce any of the provisions
of this Agreement, shall take place in Lubbock County, Texas. The hearing
before the arbitrators of the matter to be arbitrated shall be at the time and
place within that County selected by the arbitrators or if deemed by the
arbitrators to be more convenient for the parties or more economically
feasible, may be conducted in any city within the Service Area or within the
State of Texas.

         (f) ARBITRATION AWARD. If there is only one arbitrator, his or her
decision shall be binding and conclusive. Similarly, a decision by a panel of
arbitrators shall also be binding and conclusive. The submission of a dispute
to the arbitrators and the rendering of their decision shall be a condition
precedent to any right of legal action on the dispute. A judgment confirming
the award of the arbitrators may be rendered by any court having jurisdiction;
or the court may vacate, modify, or correct the award in accordance with the
provisions of the Texas General Arbitration Act (Texas Civil Practice and
Remedies Code ss. 171.087 et seq as it may be amended from time to time).

         (g) COSTS OF ARBITRATION. The costs and expenses of arbitration,
including the fees of the arbitrators but excluding any attorneys' fees, shall
be advanced by Alamosa, but will ultimately be borne by the losing party or in
such proportions as the arbitrators shall determine.

         (h) CONDUCT OF ARBITRATION. Any arbitration brought under the terms
of this Agreement shall be conducted in the following manner:

                  (i) Time Limitations. The Parties agree that the following
         time limitations shall govern the arbitration proceedings conducted
         under the terms of this Agreement:

                         (A) Any demand for arbitration must be filed within
                  thirty (30) days of the date the mediation is deemed
                  unsuccessful, or thirty (30) days after the date of the
                  written request for mediation, whichever is later.

                         (B) Each Party must select an arbitrator within
                  thirty (30) days of receipt of notice that an arbitration
                  proceeding has commenced. In the event that no such
                  selection is made, the arbitrator selected by the other
                  party may conduct the arbitration proceeding without
                  selecting any other arbitrator.

                         (C) The hearing must be held within sixty (60) days
                  of the date on which the third arbitrator is selected.

                         (D) Hearing briefs must be submitted no later than
                  ten (10) days after the hearing.

                         (E) The arbitration award must be made within thirty
                  (30) days of the receipt of hearing briefs.

                  (ii) Discovery in Arbitration Proceedings. The Parties agree
         that discovery may be conducted in the course of the arbitration
         proceeding in accordance with the following provisions:

                         (A) Each Party may notice no more than three (3)
                  depositions in total, including both witnesses adherent to
                  the adverse Party and third-party witnesses.

                         (B) Each Party may serve no more than twenty-five
                  (25) requests for admission on the other party. No requests
                  may be served within ten (10) days of the date of hearing,
                  unless the parties otherwise stipulate. All requests for
                  admission shall be responded to within ten (10) days of
                  service of the requests, unless the Parties otherwise
                  stipulate.

                         (C) Each Party may serve no more than fifty (50)
                  interrogatories on the other Party. No interrogatory shall
                  contain subparts, or concern more than one topic or subject
                  of inquiry. Interrogatories may not be phrased so as to
                  circumvent the effect of this clause. No interrogatories may
                  be served within ten (10) days of the date of hearing,
                  unless the parties otherwise stipulate. All interrogatories
                  shall be responded to within ten (10) days of service of the
                  interrogatories, unless the Parties otherwise stipulate.

                         (D) Each Party may serve no more than ten (10)
                  requests for production of documents on the other Party. No
                  request for production of documents shall contain subparts,
                  or seek more than one type of document. Requests for
                  production of documents may not be phrased so as to
                  circumvent the effect of this clause. Unless the Parties
                  otherwise stipulate, requests for production of documents
                  may not be served within ten (10) day of the date of
                  hearing, and all requests for production of documents shall
                  be responded to within ten (10) days of service of the
                  requests.

                         (E) If any Party contends that the other Party has
                  served discovery requests in a manner not permitted by this
                  Section, or that the other Party's response to a discovery
                  request is unsatisfactory, the party may request the
                  presiding arbitrator to resolve such discovery disputes. The
                  presiding arbitrator shall prescribe the procedure by which
                  such disputes are resolved. Any discovery dispute may be
                  handled by telephone conference among the Parties and the
                  presiding arbitrator.

15.      WITHHOLDING TAXES.

         All payments to Employee or his Beneficiary shall be subject to
withholding on account of federal, state and local taxes as required by law.
If any payment under this Agreement is insufficient to provide the amount of
such taxes required to be withheld, Alamosa may withhold such taxes from any
subsequent payment due Employee or his Beneficiary. In the event that all
payments due are insufficient to provide the required amount of such
withholding taxes, Employee or his Beneficiary, within five days after written
notice from Alamosa, shall pay to Alamosa the amount of such withholding taxes
in excess of the payments due.

16.      INDEMNIFICATION AND LIABILITY INSURANCE. Nothing herein is intended to
limit Alamosa's indemnification of Employee, and Alamosa shall indemnify him
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law consistent with Alamosa's
Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws as in effect on the date of this
Agreement, with respect to any action or failure to act on his part while he
is (x) an officer, director or employee of Alamosa or any Subsidiary or
Affiliate or (y) a director or officer of any trade association or business
enterprise that is not a subsidiary or Affiliate and in which capacity his
service is at Alamosa's request. To the extent that directors' and officers'
liability insurance is obtainable on commercially economic terms, Alamosa
shall cause Employee to be covered, during the Term and after the Term in
respect of claims arising from any such service during the Term, by such
insurance on terms no less favorable than the directors' and officers'
liability insurance maintained by Alamosa as in effect on the date of this
Agreement in terms of coverage, limits and reimbursement of defense costs. In
any period during which such insurance coverage is not obtainable on
commercially economic terms, Alamosa shall cause Employee to be covered by as
much of such insurance as may be obtained for the largest premium paid by
Alamosa for such an insurance policy in effect during the Term.

17.      ASSIGNABILITY, SUCCESSORS, BINDING AGREEMENT.

         (a) In addition to any obligations imposed by law upon any successor
to Alamosa, Alamosa will use its best efforts to persuade any successor
(whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise)
to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of Alamosa to
expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to
the same extent that Alamosa would be required to perform it if no such
succession had taken place. Failure of Alamosa to obtain such assumption and
agreement prior to the effectiveness of any such succession shall be a breach
of this Agreement and shall entitle Employee to compensation from Alamosa in
the same amount and on the same terms as Employee would be entitled to
hereunder if he were to terminate his employment for Good Reason within twelve
months following a Change of Control, except that, for purposes of
implementing the foregoing, the date on which any such succession becomes
effective shall be deemed the Date of Termination.

         (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable
by Employee's personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators,
successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If Employee shall die
while any amount would still be payable to him hereunder (other than amounts
which, by their terms, terminate upon his death) if he had continued to live,
all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement to the executors, personal
representatives or administrators of Employee's estate.

18.      ENTIRE AGREEMENT.

         Except to the extent otherwise provided herein, this Agreement
contains the entire understanding and agreement between the Parties concerning
the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreements, whether written
or oral, between the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof. In the
event of a conflict between this Agreement and terms of any benefit plan,
grant or award, the provisions of this Agreement shall govern the
determination of Employee's rights.

19.      AMENDMENT OR WAIVER.

         No provision in this Agreement may be amended unless such amendment
is agreed to in writing and signed by both Employee and an authorized officer
of Alamosa. No waiver by either Party of any breach by the other Party of any
condition or provision contained in this Agreement to be performed by such
other Party shall be deemed a waiver of a similar or dissimilar condition or
provision at the same or any prior or subsequent time. Any waiver must be in
writing and signed by the Party to be charged with the waiver.

20.      SEVERABILITY.

         In the event that any provision or portion of this Agreement shall be
determined to be valid or unenforceable for any reason, in whole or in part,
the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be unaffected thereby and
shall remain in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law.

21.      SURVIVAL.

         The respective rights and obligations of the Parties under this
Agreement shall survive any termination of Employee's employment with Alamosa.

22.      BENEFICIARIES/REFERENCES.

         Employee shall be entitled to select (and change, to the extent
permitted under any applicable law) a beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive
any compensation or benefit payable under this Agreement following Employee's
death by giving Alamosa written notice thereof. In the event of Employee's
death or of a judicial determination of his incompetence, reference in this
Agreement to Employee shall be deemed to refer, as appropriate, to his
beneficiary, estate or other legal representative.

23.      MITIGATION.

         Alamosa agrees that, if Employee's employment by Alamosa terminates
during the Term, Employee is not required to seek other employment or to
attempt in any way to reduce any amounts payable to him due under this
Agreement. Further, the amount of any payment shall not be reduced by any
compensation earned by Employee as the result of employment by another
employer, by retirement benefits, by offset against any amount claimed to be
owed by Employee to Alamosa, or otherwise.

24.      GOVERNING LAW AND PERFORMANCE.

         This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without reference to
principles of conflict of laws. This Agreement shall be deemed to be executed
in and performance called for in Lubbock, Lubbock County, Texas.

25.      LEGAL EXPENSES. Alamosa agrees to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket
costs and expenses, including all reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements,
actually incurred by Employee in collecting or enforcing payments to which he
is ultimately determined to be entitled (whether by agreement among the
Parties, court order or otherwise) pursuant to this Agreement in accordance
with its terms.

26.     NOTICES. Any notice given to either Party shall be in writing and shall
be deemed to have been given when delivered either personally, by fax, by
overnight delivery service (such as Federal Express) or sent by certified or
registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, duly addressed to
the Party concerned at the address indicated below or to such changed address
as the Party may subsequently give notice of.

If to Alamosa:

         Alamosa Holdings, Inc.
         5225 S. Loop 289,
         Lubbock, TX 79424

With a copy to:

         Jack McCutchin, Jr.
         Crenshaw, Dupree and& Milam, LLP
         P.O. Box 1499 Lubbock, TX 79408-1499

and

         Fred B. White, III
         Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
         4 Times Square
         New York, New York 10036

If to Employee:

         At his address on file with Alamosa.

With a copy to:

         Bill Harriger
         Murchison Hund & Harriger, LLP
         PO Box 54390
         Lubbock, TX 79453-4390

27.      HEADINGS.

         The headings of the sections contained in this Agreement are for
convenience only and shall not be deemed to control or affect the meaning or
construction of any provision of this Agreement.

28.      COUNTERPARTS.

         This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which when so
executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.



<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as
of the date first written above.

                                           Alamosa Holdings, Inc.


                                           By: /s/ Kendall Cowan
                                               --------------------------------
                                               Name:  Kendall Cowan
                                               Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                           Employee:


                                           /s/ David Sharbutt
                                           ------------------------------------
                                               David E. Sharbutt

Approved as to the mediation and arbitration provisions in Section 14 above.


Crenshaw, Dupree & Milam, LLP


                                           By:
                                              ---------------------------------
                                              Jack McCutchin, Jr.
                                              Attorney for Alamosa


                                           Murchison Hund & Harriger, LLP


                                           By:
                                              ---------------------------------
                                              Bill Harriger
                                              Attorney for Employee


Dated this 27th of December, 2004.

