
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1

NEWS

For Release          Immediate


Contacts             (News Media) Anthony Zehnder, EVP, Corporate Communications
                     312.396.7086
                     (Investors) Tammy Hill, SVP, Investor Relations
                     317.817.2893


              Hohmann Joins Conseco as Executive Vice President and
                          Chief Administrative Officer

Carmel, Indiana, December 20, 2004 - Conseco, Inc. (NYSE:CNO) today announced
that James E. Hohmann has been named executive vice president and chief
administrative officer of the company, reporting to Conseco's President and CEO
William Kirsch.

"We are excited to welcome Jim to Conseco as the company's chief administrative
officer," Kirsch said. "Jim is a first-class individual who enjoys extensive
industry experience and a strong track record. Jim will play an important role
in developing and implementing our strategy to transform the company into an
industry leader. Personally, I am delighted to have the opportunity to work with
Jim."

"Conseco is extremely well positioned in customer and product segments
characterized by exceptional growth and value creation opportunities," Hohmann
said. "I am very enthusiastic about joining the Conseco team. I believe in
Conseco's leadership and its mission. I look forward to delivering success as
part of its leadership team," Hohmann added.

As chief administrative officer, Hohmann will have responsibility for legal,
actuarial, new product development, strategic planning and business development
functions. He joins Conseco from XL Life and Annuity, where he was president and
CEO. At XL, he was responsible for the creation of XL Capital's U.S.- based life
insurance platform and related businesses, and formed XL Life and Annuity
Holding. Prior to his tenure at XL, he was president, financial institutions,
for Zurich Kemper Life, and before that, was managing partner of the Tillinghast
Life Insurance Practice in Chicago for Towers Perrin.

Hohmann holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Northwestern University, and an MBA
from the University of Chicago. He is a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and
is a member of the American Academy of Actuaries.

Conseco, Inc.'s insurance companies help protect working American families and
seniors from financial adversity: Medicare supplement, long-term care, cancer,
heart/stroke and accident policies protect people against major unplanned
expenses; annuities and life insurance products help people plan for their
financial futures. For more information, visit Conseco's web site at
www.conseco.com.

                                   - # # # # -


