
<PAGE>
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1

[CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS LOGO]                                               NEWS

FOR RELEASE: Wednesday, December 15, 2004

                          CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS CLOSES
                $550 MILLION SENIOR FLOATING RATE NOTES OFFERING

         ST. LOUIS -- Charter Communications, Inc. (Charter) (Nasdaq: CHTR)
today announced that its indirect subsidiaries, CCO Holdings, LLC (CCO Holdings)
and CCO Holdings Capital Corp., have closed on the issuance of $550 million
Senior Floating Rate Notes due 2010 (the Notes). The Notes have an annual
interest rate of LIBOR plus 4.125%, payable quarterly. The intent to offer $500
million principal amount of Notes was initially announced in a press release on
December 1, 2004. The increase to $550 million was announced on December 2,
2004, after the Notes were priced.

         Charter plans to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes to pay
down debt and for general corporate purposes.

         The Notes were sold to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on
Rule 144A and outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on
Regulation S. The Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and, unless so registered, may not be
offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable
state securities laws.

         This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the
solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of the Notes in any
state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.

                                      # # #


CONTACT:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Press:                                               Analysts:
- ------                                               ---------
<S>                                                  <C>
Dave Andersen                                        Mary Jo Moehle
314/543-2213                                         314/543-2397
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:

     This release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of
     Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of
     the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, regarding, among other
     things, our plans, strategies and prospects, both business and financial.
     Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected
     in or suggested by these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we
     cannot assure you that we will achieve or realize these plans, intentions
     or expectations. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to
     risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Many of the forward-looking
     statements contained in this release may be identified by the use of
     forward-looking words such as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "should,"
     "planned," "will," "may," "intend," "estimated" and "potential," among
     others. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ
     materially from the forward-looking statements we make in this release are
     set forth in reports or documents that we file from time to time with the
     SEC.

     All forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on
     our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary
     statement. We are under no duty or obligation to update any of the
     forward-looking statements after the date of this release.

