-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 OBAzo53P9pr2mk3o0UvTfkr8vdpu2l55gqseU8LSm5S/xggmjIaR6sxArspcoQQc
 WrzT1JRzi/NX2AjOF98gzQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001144204-04-022799.txt : 20041227
<SEC-HEADER>0001144204-04-022799.hdr.sgml : 20041224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041227134716
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-04-022799
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SECURED DATA INC /NV/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001119951
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-FOOD STORES [5400]
		IRS NUMBER:				870650264
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32253
		FILM NUMBER:		041226125

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		409 CALLE SAN PABLO SUITE 100-101
		CITY:			CAMARILLO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		805-484-7687

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		409 CALLE SAN PABLO SUITE 100-101
		CITY:			CAMARILLO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENTERNET INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000721
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>v010437.txt
<TEXT>
================================================================================

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                -----------------

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT

                       Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
                       the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

                                -----------------

       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 20, 2004

                                -----------------


                               SECURED DATA, INC.
               (Exact name of registrant as specified in Charter)


            NEVADA                       000-32253               87-0650264
(State or other jurisdiction of     (Commission File No.)      (IRS Employee
 incorporation or organization)                              Identification No.)

                       409 Calle San Pablo, Suite 100-101
                               Camarillo, CA 93010
                    (Address of Principal Executive Offices)


                                  213-381-7450
                            (Issuer Telephone Number)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR
230.425)

[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12(b) under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14a-12(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
===============================================================================
<PAGE>

ITEM 2.01. COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS; ITEM 5.01 CHANGES
IN CONTROL OF REGISTRANT.

     Pursuant to the terms of a Stock Purchase Agreement dated December 20, 2004
("Malone Agreement"), Art Malone, Jr. ("Selling Shareholder") sold 7,229,601
shares of the common stock of Secured Data, Inc. ("Company") for $300,000 (the
"Sale") to Zhi Lan Wang and Jun Lin, individuals on the closing date of December
20, 2004. As a result, the 7,229,601 shares of the common stock of the Company
sold represented approximately 56.18% of the total outstanding stock of the
Company. No part of the consideration used to acquire control of the Company was
from a loan. The Board of Directors also appointed Xinwen Hou as an additional
member of the Board of Directors. Immediately thereafter, pursuant to the terms
of an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated December 20, 2004 ("Northwest
Agreement"), the Company initially purchased 30% of the common shares of
Northwest BioTechnic Inc. ("NBTI"), a British Virgin Islands corporation, in
exchange for 80,735,590 shares of the Company's common stock ("Acquisition"),
and agreed to purchase the remaining 70% of NBTI's common shares in exchange for
a promissory note ("Promissory Note") convertible into 10,465,725 (post a one
for eighteen reverse split) shares of the Company's common stock. As a result,
the 80,735,590 shares of the common stock of the Company sold represented
approximately 86.3% of the total outstanding stock of the Company. No part of
the consideration used to acquire control of the Company was from a loan.

The purchase price for the remaining 70% of NBTI's common shares was $1,900,000
payable by the Company's issuance of the Promissory Note on December 20, 2004
The Promissory Note may be convertible into 10,465,725 (post a one for eighteen
reverse split) shares of the Company's common stock upon maturity at the
discretion of the Company. The shareholders of NBTI may also convert at any time
prior to maturity.

The Sale and the Acquisition described in the paragraphs above are referred to
herein as the "Transactions." As part of the Transactions, the following changes
to the Company's directors and officers have occurred or will occur:

      Art Malone, Jr. resigned as the Company's Chief Executive Officer, Chief
      Financial Officer and any other officer capacity effective December 20,
      2004.

      The Board of Directors, effective upon Mr. Malone's resignation on
      December 20, 2004, appointed Jing An Wang as Chief Executive Officer and
      President, San Ding Tao as Chief Financial Officer, and Xinwen Hou as
      Secretary. The Board of Directors also appointed Xinwen Hou as an
      additional member of the Board of Directors.

      Jing An Wang, San Ding Tao and Zhang Jun Qi were appointed as additional
      members of the Corporation's Board of Directors, subject to the 10-day
      period after the filing of an Information Statement pursuant to Rule 14f-1
      promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.


                                       2
<PAGE>

NBTI was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on June 25, 2004. NBTI
operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, Huifeng Biochemistry Joint Stock
Company ("Huifeng"), which is a joint stock company established under the laws
of the People's Republic of China ("PRC") and responsible for the production and
sales of plant extracts, biochemical products and pharmaceutical raw products in
the PRC.


ITEM 3.02.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

(a) Between December 15, 2004 and December 20, 2004, the Company issued a total
of 585,000 shares of common stock, in the aggregate, to three creditors in
exchange for satisfaction and settlement of Company debts totaling $93,000.

(b) On December 20, 2004, the Company issued 80,735,590 shares of common stock,
in the aggregate, to Northwest Bio-Technic Inc.'s shareholders and their
assignees pursuant to the terms of the Northwest Agreement.

The transactions above were effected under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and appropriate legends were affixed to the share certificates
and other instruments issued in such transaction.


ITEM 5.02 DEPARTURE OF DIRECTORS OR PRINCIPAL OFFICERS; ELECTION OF DIRECTORS;
APPOINTMENT OF PRINCIPAL OFFICERS.

(A) APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTOR

      Effective December 20, 2004, Mr. Xinwen Hou was appointed as a member of
the board of directors of the Registrant.

      Mr. Xinwen Hou, age 36, currently also serves as Assistant to the
President and as Company Secretary for Huifeng Biochemistry Joint Stock Company
("Huifeng") in Xi An, China. Mr. Hou held various leadership positions in
different public companies in China before he joined Huifeng in January 2004.
From 1997 - 2003, Mr. Hou served as Company Secretary for De Li Bang
Pharmaceutical Inc., which is listed on China's A share stock exchange. He is
also a reputable economist. He graduated from Xi An Transportation University
with a major in Business Administration.

(B) DEPARTURE OF PRINCIPAL OFFICERS AND APPOINTMENT OF PRINCIPAL OFFICERS

                                       3
<PAGE>

      Effective December 20, 2004, Mr. Art Malone, Jr. resigned as Chief
Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and any other capacity as
an officer of the Registrant. The Board of Directors, effective upon Mr.
Malone's resignation, appointed Jing An Wang as Chief Executive Officer and
President, San Ding Tao as Chief Financial Officer, and Xinwen Hou as Secretary.

      Mr. Jing An Wang, age 44, is the founder and currently serves as President
of Huifeng. Mr. Wang has over fifteen years of experience in accounting and
financial management area. Mr. Wang has served as Accounting Supervisors and
Chief Financial Officers for various companies during his professional career.
Before Mr. Wang founded Huifeng in 2000, he was the Chief Financial Officer for
Wei Xing Enterprises from 1999 to 2000. In 2004, he was awarded "the
Entrepreneur of the Year" by the Xi An Hi Tech Development Zone. Mr. Wang is
also a certified public account.

Mr. San Ding Tao, age 36, Chief Financial Officer of Huifeng. Mr. Tao served as
VP of Finance and CFO for various technology and bio-tech firms before he joined
Huifeng in 2003. From 1998 - 2000, Mr. Tao served as Chief Financial Officer for
Xi An Lan Xi Science & Technology Inc.; and from 2000 -2003, Mr. Tao served as
Chief Financial Officer for Xi An Xing Yi Science & Technology Inc. Mr. Tao is a
graduate of Chinese Southern Financial College.

Mr. Jun Qi Zhang, age 39, Vice President of Sales and Marketing of Huifeng. Mr.
Zhang held various sales and marketing leadership positions before he joined
Huifeng in 2003. From 2000 - 2003, Mr. Zhang served as the Vice President of
Sales at Shan Xi Sai De High Tech Inc. He graduated from Xi An Foreign Language
Institute with a major in International Trade.

[See biography of Mr. Xinwen Hou in paragraph (A) above]

No transactions (other than the Transactions) occurred in the last two years to
which the Company was a party in which any director or officer had or is to have
a direct or indirect material interest.


ITEM 8.01  OTHER EVENTS

 The Company issued a press release on December 27, 2004 describing the
Transactions. Such press release is attached as an exhibit hereto.


ITEM 9.01  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

Exhibit
Number      Description
- -------     -----------

10.1        Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of December 20, 2004 by and among
            Art Malone, Jr., Zhi Lan Wang and Jun Lin.

10.2        Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated as of December 20, 2004
            by and among Secured Data, Inc., Northwest Bio-Technic Inc., and the
            shareholders of Northwest Bio- Technic Inc.; and Convertible
            Promissory Note

10.3        Financial Statements of Northwest Bio-Technic Inc. and Huifeng
            Biochemistry Joint Stock Company. (1)

10.4        Pro Forma Financial Information. (1)

99.1        Press Release

- ----------
(1) To be filed by amendment within 71 days after December 27, 2004.

                                       4
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Dated: December 27, 2004                           SECURED DATA, INC.


                                                    By: /s/ Jing An Wang
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                            Jing An Wang
                                                   Its: Chief Executive Officer

                                       5

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>v010437_ex10-1.txt
<TEXT>
                                  EXHIBIT 10.1

       Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of December 20, 2004 by and among
                   Art Malone, Jr., Zhi Lan Wang and Jun Lin.

                            STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT


     THIS STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT is entered into as of the 20th day of
December, 2004 (the "Agreement"), by Art Malone, Jr. (the "Seller") who is the
majority stockholder of Secured Data, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the
"Company"), on the one hand, and Zhi Lan Wang and Jun Lin (collectively, the
"Buyer") on the other hand. Each of Seller and the Buyer is referred to herein
as a "Party," and they are referred to collectively as "Parties." The Company is
party to this Agreement solely for the purpose of making certain representations
and warranties.

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS, the Seller owns and wishes to sell to Buyer 7,229,601 shares (the
"Shares") of the common stock of the Company, which constitutes
 56.18% of the total outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (after
the retention of 803,289 shares of common stock owned by Seller), and Buyer
wishes to purchase from the Seller the Shares (the "Sale");


     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual
representations, warranties and agreements set forth herein, the Parties hereto
agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I

                               PURCHASE OF SHARES

      1.1 INCORPORATION OF RECITALS. The provisions and recitals set forth above
are hereby referred to and incorporated herein and made a part of this Agreement
by reference.

      1.2 PURCHASE OF SHARES. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and the Escrow Agreement, on the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined)
the Seller shall sell to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase from Seller, 7,229,601
shares of the common stock of the Company.

      1.3 CLOSING. The Closing shall take place on December 20, 2004, the date
of this Agreement (the "Closing Date"). Prior to the Closing Date, in addition
to the deliveries set forth in Article V hereof, (a) Buyer shall deposit
$300,000 in the account of the Escrow Agent as set forth in the Escrow
Agreement, a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit "A" (the "Escrow
Agreement"); and (b) Seller shall deliver to the Escrow Agent stock
certificate(s) evidencing 7,229,601 shares of the Company's common stock,
constituting at least 56.18% of the then outstanding shares of the Company's
common stock in the name of the Seller with a Medallion signature guaranteed
stock power to Buyer and/or its designees (the "Shares Certificate"), and a
signed instruction letter to the Company's transfer agent for such transfer. On
the Closing Date, the Escrow Agent shall transfer the Shares Certificate to
Buyer per Buyer's instructions and shall transfer to Seller the $300,000, less
wire transfer fees, and less $60,000 as set forth in the Escrow Agreement.

                                       6
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE II

                  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

      The Company represents and warrants to Buyer that now and/or as of the
Closing:

      2.1 DUE ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION; SUBSIDIARIES; DUE AUTHORIZATION.

      (a) The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, with full
corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its respective business
and properties and to carry on its respective business in the places and in the
manner as presently conducted. The Company is in good standing as a foreign
corporation in each jurisdiction in which the properties owned, leased or
operated, or the business conducted, by it requires such qualification except
for any failure, which when taken together with all other failures, is not
likely to have a material adverse effect on the business of the Company, taken
as a whole.

          (b) The Company does not have, and has never had, any subsidiaries and
does not own, directly or indirectly, any capital stock, equity or interest in
any corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture or other entity.

      (c) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement, and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby. The Company has taken all corporate action necessary for the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, and this Agreement constitutes the valid and
binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its respective terms, except as may be affected by bankruptcy, insolvency,
moratoria or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights
generally and subject to the qualification that the availability of equitable
remedies is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding
therefore may be brought. This Agreement, the Actions, and the transactions
contemplated hereby have been unanimously approved by the Board of Directors of
the Company and by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock of the Company.


                                       7
<PAGE>

      2.2 NO CONFLICTS OR DEFAULTS. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
by the Company and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do
not and shall not (a) contravene the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws of
the Company or (b) with or without the giving of notice or the passage of time
(i) violate, conflict with, or result in a breach of, or a default or loss of
rights under, any material covenant, agreement, mortgage, indenture, lease,
instrument, permit or license to which the Company is a party or by which the
Company is bound, or any judgment, order or decree, or any law, rule or
regulation to which the Company is subject, (ii) result in the creation of, or
give any party the right to create, any lien, charge, encumbrance or any other
right or adverse interest ("Liens") upon any of the assets of the Company, (iii)
terminate or give any party the right to terminate, amend, abandon or refuse to
perform, any material agreement, arrangement or commitment to which the Company
is a party or by which the Company's assets are bound, or (iv) accelerate or
modify, or give any party the right to accelerate or modify, the time within
which, or the terms under which, the Company is to perform any duties or
obligations or receive any rights or benefits under any material agreement,
arrangement or commitment to which it is a party.

      2.3 CAPITALIZATION. The authorized capital stock of the Company, on the
Closing Date, shall be 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, none of which is
outstanding, and 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share,
of which 12,869,368 (the "Company Shares") shares are as of the date hereof,
issued and outstanding. The Company has no issued and outstanding shares of
preferred stock. All of the Company Shares are duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable, and have not been issued in violation of any
preemptive right of stockholders. The Company Shares are not, and shares of
Common Stock, if any, when issued in accordance with the terms hereof will not
be, subject to any preemptive or subscription right. There is no outstanding
voting trust agreement or other contract, agreement, arrangement, option,
warrant, call, commitment or other right of any character obligating or
entitling the Company to issue, sell, redeem or repurchase any of its
securities, and there is no outstanding security of any kind convertible into or
exchangeable for the common stock of the Company, nor has the Company, or any of
its agents orally agreed to issue any of the foregoing. There are no declared or
accrued unpaid dividends with respect to any shares of the Company's common
stock. There are no agreements, written or oral, between the Company and any of
their shareholders or among any Company shareholders relating to the acquisition
(including without limitation rights of first refusal or preemptive rights), or
disposition, or registration under the Securities Act or voting of the capital
stock of the Company. There are no outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
that are subject to vesting. The Company has no other capital stock authorized,
issued or outstanding. There shall be no outstanding warrants or options to
purchase Company securities at the Closing Date.

                                       8
<PAGE>

      2.4 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

      (a) SEC DOCUMENTS. The Company hereby makes reference to the following
documents filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"SEC"), as posted on the SEC's website, WWW.SEC.GOV: (collectively, the "SEC
Documents"): (a) Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December
30, 2003, 2002, 2001 and 2000; (b) General Form For Registration of Securities
Of Small Business Issuers on Form 8-A12G as filed on January 25, 2001, and all
amendments thereto; and (c) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-QSB for the periods
ended March 31, 2001, 2002, 2003 and 2004, July 31, 2001, 2002, 2003 and 2004,
September 30, 2001, 2002, 2003 and 2004 and all amendments thereto. The SEC
Documents constitute all of the documents and reports that the Company was
required to file with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
("Exchange Act") and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by the SEC
since the effectiveness of the Company's Form 8-A12G filed on January 25, 2001,
as amended. The financial statements included in the SEC Documents include
copies of the balance sheets of the Company at December 30, 2002 and 2003, and
the related statements of operations and stockholders' cash flows for the fiscal
years then ended, including the notes thereto, as audited by independent
accountants, and the balance sheet of the Company at September 30, 2004 and the
related statements of operations and stockholders' cash flows for the six-month
period then ended prepared by the Company's management (all such statements
being referred to collectively as the "Company Existing Financial Statements").
All the Company Existing Financial Statements, together with the notes thereto,
have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles applied on a basis consistent throughout all periods presented. These
Company Existing Financial Statements present fairly the financial position of
the Company as of the dates and for the periods indicated. The books of account
and other financial records of the Company have been maintained in accordance
with good business practices.

      (b) Since the date of the latest Company Existing Financial Statements
(the "Most Recent Date"), except as set forth in SCHEDULE 2.4 there has been no
material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, net worth,
prospects or results of operations of the Company. Without limiting the
foregoing, since the Most Recent Date:

            (i) the Company has not sold, leased, transferred or assigned any of
their assets, tangible or intangible, other than in the ordinary course of
business;

            (ii) the Company has not entered into any agreement, contract,
commitment, lease or license (or series of related agreements, contracts,
commitments, leases and licenses);

                                       9
<PAGE>

            (iii) no party (including the Company) has accelerated, terminated,
modified or canceled any agreement, contract, lease or license (or series of
related agreements, contracts, leases and licenses) to which the Company is a
Party or by which the Company or its assets are bound;

            (iv) the Company has not made any capital expenditure (or series of
related capital expenditures) of whatever nature;

            (v) the Company has not made any capital investments in, any loans
to, or any acquisitions of the securities or assets of any other Person (or a
series of related capital investments, loans and acquisitions);

            (vi) the Company has not issued any notes, bonds or other debt
securities, or created, incurred, assumed or guaranteed any indebtedness for
borrowed money or capitalized lease obligation;

            (vii) the Company has not canceled, compromised, waived or released
any right or claim (or series of related rights and claims);

            (viii) the Company has not made any loans to, or entered into any
other transactions with, any of their respective directors, officers, or
employees; and

            (ix) the Company has not committed to do any of the foregoing.

      2.5 FURTHER FINANCIAL MATTERS. The Company does not have any (a) assets of
any kind or (b) liabilities or obligations, whether secured or unsecured,
accrued, determined, absolute or contingent, asserted or unasserted or
otherwise, which are required to be reflected or reserved in a balance sheet or
the notes thereto under generally accepted accounting principles, and which are
not reflected in the Company Financial Statements.

      2.6 TAXES. The Company has filed all United States federal, state, county,
local and foreign, national, provincial and local returns and reports which were
required to be filed on or prior to the Closing Date hereof in respect of all
income, withholding, franchise, payroll, excise, property, sales, use,
value-added or other taxes or levies, imposts, duties, license and registration
fees, charges, assessments or withholdings of any nature whatsoever (together,
"Taxes"), and has paid all Taxes (and any related penalties, fines and interest)
which have become due pursuant to such returns or reports or pursuant to any
assessment which has become payable, or, to the extent its liability for any
Taxes (and any related penalties, fines and interest) has not been fully
discharged, the same have been properly reflected as a liability on the books
and records of the Company and adequate reserves therefore have been
established. All such returns and reports filed on or prior to the date hereof
have been properly prepared and are true, correct (and to the extent such
returns reflect judgments made by the Company, as the case may be, such
judgments were reasonable under the circumstances) and complete in all material
respects. The amount shown on the Company's most recent balance sheet as
provision for taxes is sufficient in all material respects to pay all accrued
and unpaid federal, state, local and foreign taxes for the period then ended and
all prior periods. No tax return or tax return liability of the Company has been
audited or, presently under audit. The Company has not given or been requested
to give waivers of any statute of limitations relating to the payment of any
Taxes (or any related penalties, fines and interest). There are no claims
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against the Company for
past due Taxes. All payments for withholding taxes, unemployment insurance and
other amounts required to be paid for periods prior to the date hereof to any
governmental authority in respect of employment obligations of the Company,
including, without limitation, amounts payable pursuant to the Federal Insurance
Contributions Act, have been paid or shall be paid prior to the Closing and have
been duly provided for on the books and records of the Company and in the
Financial Statements.

                                       10
<PAGE>

      2.7 INDEBTEDNESS; CONTRACTS; NO DEFAULTS.

      (a) The Company has no instruments, agreements, indentures, mortgages,
guarantees, notes, commitments, accommodations, letters of credit or other
arrangements or understandings, whether written or oral, to which the Company is
a party; and all previous merger/acquisition negations and agreements with other
companies are void and of no force and effect.

      (b) Neither the Company, nor, to the Company's knowledge, any other person
or entity is in breach, or in default under any contract, agreement,
arrangement, commitment or plan to which the Company is a party, and no event or
action has occurred, is pending or is threatened, which, after the giving of
notice, passage of time or otherwise, would constitute or result in such a
breach or default by the Company or, to the knowledge of the Company, any other
person or entity. The Company has not received any notice of default under any
contract, agreement, arrangement, commitment or plan to which it is a party,
which default has not been cured to the satisfaction of, or duly waived by, the
party claiming such default on or before the date hereof.

      2.8 REAL PROPERTY. The Company does not own or lease any real property.

      2.9 COMPLIANCE.

      (a) The Company is not conducting its respective business or affairs in
violation of any applicable federal, state or local law, ordinance, rule,
regulation, court or administrative order, decree or process, or any requirement
of insurance carriers. The Company has not received any notice of violation or
claimed violation of any such law, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, decree,
process or requirement.

                                       11
<PAGE>

      (b) The Company is in compliance with all applicable federal, state, local
and foreign laws and regulations. There are no claims, notices, actions, suits,
hearings, investigations, inquiries or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened against the Company, and there are no past or present
conditions that the Company has reason to believe are likely to give rise to any
material liability or other obligations of the Company under any circumstances.

      2.10 PERMITS AND LICENSES. The Company has all certificates of occupancy,
rights, permits, certificates, licenses, franchises, approvals and other
authorizations as are reasonably necessary to conduct its respective business
and to own, lease, use, operate and occupy its assets, at the places and in the
manner now conducted and operated, except those the absence of which would not
materially adversely affect its respective business. The Company has not
received any written or oral notice or claim pertaining to the failure to obtain
any material permit, certificate, license, approval or other authorization
required by any federal, state or local agency or other regulatory body, the
failure of which to obtain would materially and adversely affect its business.

     2.11 LITIGATION.

      (a) There is no claim, dispute, action, suit, inquiry, proceeding or
investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against
or affecting the business of the Company, or challenging the validity or
propriety of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, at law or in
equity or admiralty or before any federal, state, local, foreign or other
governmental authority, board, agency, commission or instrumentality, nor has
any such claim, dispute, action, suit, proceeding or investigation been pending
or threatened, during the 12 month period preceding the date hereof;

      (b) There is no outstanding judgment, order, writ, ruling, injunction,
stipulation or decree of any court, arbitrator or federal, state, local, foreign
or other governmental authority, board, agency, commission or instrumentality,
against or affecting the business of the Company; and

      (c) The Company has not received any written or verbal inquiry from any
federal, state, local, foreign or other governmental authority, board, agency,
commission or instrumentality concerning the possible violation of any law, rule
or regulation or any matter disclosed in respect of its business.

      2.12 INSURANCE. The Company does not currently maintain any form of
insurance.

      2.13 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS; MINUTE BOOKS. The copies of
the Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws (or similar governing documents) of
the Company, and all amendments to each are true, correct and complete. The
minute books of the Company contain true and complete records of all meetings
and consents in lieu of meetings of their respective Board of Directors (and any
committees thereof), or similar governing bodies, since the time of their
respective organization. The stock books of the Company are true, correct and
complete.

                                       12
<PAGE>

      2.14 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS. The Company does not maintain, nor has the
Company maintained in the past, any employee benefit plans ("as defined in
Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
("ERISA")), or any plans, programs, policies, practices, arrangements or
contracts (whether group or individual) providing for payments, benefits or
reimbursements to employees of the Company, former employees, their
beneficiaries and dependents under which such employees, former employees, their
beneficiaries and dependents are covered through an employment relationship with
the Company, any entity required to be aggregated in a controlled group or
affiliated service group with the Company for purposes of ERISA or the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") (including, without limitation, under Section
414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA, at any relevant
time ("Benefit Plans").

      2.15 PATENTS; TRADEMARKS AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. The Company
does not own or possess any patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names,
copyrights, trade secrets, licenses, information, Internet web site(s) or
proprietary rights of any nature. The business conducted by the Company has not
and will not cause the Company to infringe or violate any of the patents,
trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, mask-works, licenses, trade
secrets, processes, data, know-how or other intellectual property rights of any
other Person.

      2.16 BROKERS. The Company has not agreed to or incurred any obligation or
other liability that could be claimed against the Company, Seller or Buyer or
any other person for any finder's fee, brokerage commission or similar payment.

      2.17 AFFILIATE TRANSACTIONS. Neither the Company nor any officer, director
or employee of the Company (or any of the relatives or Affiliates of any of the
aforementioned Persons) is a party to any agreement, contract, commitment or
transaction with the Company or affecting the business of the Company, or has
any interest in any property, whether real, personal or mixed, or tangible or
intangible, used in or necessary to the Company which will subject the Company
to any liability or obligation from and after the Closing Date.

      2.18 TRADING. The Company Common Stock is currently listed for trading on
the OTC Bulletin Board (the "Bulletin Board"), and the Company has not received
any notices that its common stock is subject to being delisted therefrom.

                                       13
<PAGE>

      2.19 COMPLIANCE. The Company has complied with the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") and the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and is current in its
filings under the Exchange Act and the Securities Act.

      2.20 FILINGS. To the knowledge of the Company, none of the filings made by
the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act make any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading.

      2.21 CONSENTS. No consent, waiver, approval, order or authorization of, or
registration, declaration or filing with, any court, administrative agency or
commission or other federal, state, county, local or other foreign governmental
authority, instrumentality, agency or commission ("Governmental Entity") is
required by or with respect to the Company in connection with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement and any related agreements to which the Company is a
party or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby,
except for such consents, waivers, approvals, orders, authorizations,
registrations, declarations and filings as may be required under applicable
securities laws.

      2.22 SCHEDULES. All lists or other statements, information or documents
set forth in, attached to any Schedule provided pursuant to this Agreement or
delivered hereunder shall be deemed to be representations and warranties by the
Company with the same force and effect as if such lists, statements, information
and documents were set forth herein. Any list, statement, document or any
information set forth in, attached to any Schedule provided pursuant to this
Agreement or delivered hereunder shall not be deemed to constitute disclosure
for any other Schedule provided pursuant to this Agreement unless specific cross
reference is made and shall survive after closing.

      2.23 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. The Company has never: (i) operated any
underground storage tanks at any property that the Company has at any time
owned, operated, occupied or leased; or (ii) illegally released any material
amount of any substance that has been designated by any Governmental Entity or
by applicable foreign, federal, state, or local law to be radioactive, toxic,
hazardous or otherwise a danger to health or the environment, including, without
limitation, PCBs, asbestos, petroleum, and urea-formaldehyde and all substances
listed as hazardous substances pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, or defined as a
hazardous waste pursuant to the United States Resource Conservation and Recovery
Act of 1976, as amended, and the regulations promulgated pursuant to said laws),
but excluding office and janitorial supplies properly and safely maintained.

      2.24 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties
ofthe Company included in this Agreement and any list, statement, document
orinformation set forth in, attached to any Schedule provided pursuant to
thisAgreement or delivered hereunder, are true and complete in all material
respects and do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements contained therein not misleading, under the circumstance under which
they were made and shall survive after closing as set forth herein.

                                       14
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE III

                  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLER

      Seller represents and warrants to the Buyer that now and/or as of the
Closing:

      3.1 AUTHORITY RELATIVE TO THIS AGREEMENT. Seller has the requisite power
and/or authority to enter into this Agreement and carry out his/her obligations
hereunder. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by
the Seller and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Seller,
enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by general principles of equity.

      3.2 OWNERSHIP AND TITLE OF SHARES SOLD. Seller represents that:

      (a) Seller owns 8,032,890 shares of the Company's common stock, of which
Seller hereby sells 7,229,601 shares to Buyer.

      (b) As of the Closing Date, the Seller will own and will have good and
marketable title to, and sole record and legal ownership of, the Shares, free
and clear of any and all liens, security interests, pledges, mortgages, charges,
limitations, claims, restrictions, rights of first refusal, rights of first
offer, rights of first negotiation or other encumbrances of any kind or nature
whatsoever (collectively, "Encumbrances").

      (c) Upon consummation of the Closing, without exception, Buyer will
acquire from Seller legal and beneficial ownership of, and good and marketable
title to the Shares to be sold to Buyer by Seller, free and clear of all
Encumbrances.

      3.3 NO CONFLICTS OR DEFAULTS. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
by the Seller and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do
not and shall not with or without the giving of notice or the passage of time,
violate, conflict with, or result in a breach of, or a default or loss of rights
under, any material covenant, agreement, mortgage, indenture, lease, instrument,
permit or license to which Seller is a party or by which the Seller are bound.


                                       15
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE IV

                                 INDEMNIFICATION

      4.1 INDEMNITY BY THE COMPANY AND SELLER.

      (a) The Company and Art Malone, Jr., an individual, agree to defend,
indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer or and their respective officers,
directors, shareholders, attorneys and other agents ("Indemnitiees"), from and
against, and to reimburse, the Indemnitiees, with respect to, all liabilities,
losses, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys'
fees and disbursements (collectively the "Losses") asserted against or incurred
by each or any of them by reason of, arising out of, or in connection with: (i)
any liabilities of the Company which have not been disclosed or otherwise
reflected in this Agreement or in any document or certificate delivered by or on
behalf of the Company pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement or in
connection with the transactions contemplated thereby arising out of facts
existing prior to or as of the Closing; (ii) any material breach of any
representation or warranty contained in this Agreement or in any document or
certificate delivered by or on behalf of the Company; (iii) any fraudulent or
negligent acts or statements made by the Company to Buyer in connection with
this Agreement or in connection with the transactions contemplated thereby; and
(iv) any failure by the Company to perform any of its respective covenants,
agreements, or obligations in this Agreement or any related document. In order
to secure the payment of the Indemnification by Seller of Buyer, $60,000 of the
$300,000 purchase price for the Shares at the Closing shall be deposited and
held by an escrow agent(as defined in the Escrow Agreement) and released only in
accordance with theterms of that certain Escrow Agreement dated of even date
hereof.

      (b) No indemnification payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be made
by the Company or Art Malone, Jr. to:

            (i) indemnify or advance costs to an Indemnitee with respect to
proceedings initiated or brought voluntarily by an Indemnitee and not by way of
defense, except with respect to proceedings brought to establish or enforce a
right to indemnification under this Agreement or any other statute or law or
otherwise as required under applicable law;

            (ii) indemnify an Indemnitee for any costs resulting from an
Indemnitee's conduct which is finally adjudged by a court of competent
jurisdiction to have been willful misconduct or knowingly fraudulent or
deliberately dishonest or to have resulted in an improper personal benefit in
money, property or services to the Indemnitee; or

                                       16
<PAGE>

            (iii) indemnify an Indemnitee if a court of competent jurisdiction
shall finally determine that such payment is unlawful.

      4.2 INDEMNIFICATION PROCEDURE.

      (a) A Party (an "Indemnified Party") seeking indemnification shall give
prompt written notice to the other Party (the "Indemnifying Party") of any claim
for indemnification arising under this Article 4. After the notice required by
Article 4, if the Indemnifying Party undertakes to use his best endeavors to
defend any such claim, then the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled, if it so
elects, to take control of the defense and investigation with respect to such
claim and to employ and engage attorneys of its own choice to handle and defend
the same, at the Indemnifying Party's reasonable cost, risk and expense, upon
written notice to the Indemnified Party of such election, which notice
acknowledges the Indemnifying Party's obligation to provide indemnification
hereunder. The Indemnifying Party shall not settle any third-party claim that is
the subject of indemnification without the prior written consent of the
Indemnified Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed;
provided, however, that the Indemnifying Party may settle a claim without the
Indemnified Party's consent if such settlement (i) makes no admission or
acknowledgment of any liability or culpability with respect to the Indemnified
Party, (ii) includes a complete release of the Indemnified Party and (iii) does
not require the Indemnified Party to make any payment or forego or take any
action. The Indemnified Party shall cooperate in all reasonable respects with
the Indemnifying Party and its attorneys in the investigation, trial and defense
of any lawsuit or action with respect to such claim and any appeal arising
therefrom (including the filing in the Indemnified Party's name of appropriate
cross claims and counter-claims). The Indemnified Party may, at its own cost,
participate in any investigation, trial and defense of such lawsuit or action
controlled by the Indemnifying Party and any appeal arising therefrom.

      (b) If, after receipt of a claim notice pursuant to Article 4, the
Indemnifying Party does not undertake to defend any such claim, the Indemnified
Party may, but shall have no obligation to, contest any lawsuit or action with
respect to such claim and the Indemnifying Party shall be bound by the result
obtained with respect thereto by the Indemnified Party (including, without
limitation, the settlement thereof without the prior written consent of the
Indemnifying Party). If there are one or more legal defenses available to the
Indemnified Party that conflict with those available to the Indemnifying Party,
the Indemnified Party shall have the right to assume the defense of the lawsuit
or action; provided, however, that the Indemnified Party may not settle such
lawsuit or action without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

                                       17
<PAGE>

      (c) At any time after the commencement of defense of any lawsuit or
action, the Indemnifying Party may request the Indemnified Party to agree in
writing to the abandonment of such contest or to the payment or compromise in
full settlement by the Indemnifying Party of such claim, whereupon such action
shall be taken unless the Indemnified Party determines that the contest should
be continued and so notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing within 15 days of
such request from the Indemnifying Party. If the Indemnified Party determines
that the contest should be continued, the Indemnifying Party shall be liable
hereunder only to the extent of the lesser of (i) the amount which the other
party(ies) to the contested claim had agreed to accept in payment or compromise
as of the time the Indemnifying Party made its request therefore to the
Indemnified Party or (ii) such amount for which the Indemnifying Party may be
liable with respect to such claim by reason of the provisions hereof.


                                    ARTICLE V

                                   DELIVERIES

      5.1 ITEMS TO BE DELIVERED TO BUYER PRIOR TO OR AT THE CLOSING BY THE
SELLER OR THE COMPANY.

      (a) Full and complete responses to the due diligence request list of Buyer
including but not limited to the following:

            (i) articles of incorporation and amendments thereto, by-laws and
amendments thereto, certificate of good standing in the Company's state of
incorporation;

            (ii) all minutes and resolutions of the board of directors and of
the shareholders (and meetings of shareholders) in possession of the Company;

            (iii) shareholder list of the Company;

            (iv) all financial statements and tax returns in possession of the
Company;

            (v) all applicable schedules hereto;

      (b) Letter from the Company's current officers and directors to be
effective upon Closing and confirming that they have no claim against the
Company in respect of any outstanding remuneration or fees of whatever nature to
be effective upon closing and after the appointments described in this section;

      (c) Any other document reasonably requested by Buyer that Buyer deems
necessary for the consummation of this transaction

                                       18
<PAGE>

      (d) Management rights of the Company to the Buyer in terms of all
documents (minutes, resolutions, agreements and contracts), bank accounts, check
books, and so forth; (e) An Agreement of Indemnification by Art Malone, Jr.
personally indemnifying Buyer for the Company's warranty and covenant that, all
of the debts and liabilities owed by the Company shall be paid off.

      5.2 ITEMS TO BE DELIVERED TO THE SELLER PRIOR TO OR AT CLOSING BY BUYER.

      (a) All applicable exhibits and schedules hereto;

      (b) any other document reasonably requested by the Seller that it deems
necessary for the consummation of this transaction.


                                   ARTICLE VI

                                    COVENANTS

      6.1 SELLER COVENANTS.

      (a) Seller shall enter into a Lock-Up Agreement with Company of even date
of the form attached hereto as Exhibit "B" and deliver to Company at Closing.

      (b) Seller shall cooperate with the designees of Buyer with: (i) filing
the necessary documents with the SEC and the Nevada Secretary of State in order
to appoint new directors, effect a reverse stock split of the common stock of
the Company and to effect a name change as determined by the Buyer; (ii) appoint
at Closing designees of the Buyer as members of the board of directors or
officers of the Company; resign at Closing in all capacities as an officer of
the Company and to promptly resign when requested by the Buyer as a member of
the board of directors of the (but not until the Buyer's director designees have
been seated and the Company's Form 14-f filing and mailing requirements have
been achieved; (iii) the purchase by the Company of shares of Northwest
Bio-Technic Inc.

      (c) Seller shall assist in any way to ensure that the shares of the
Company's common stock shall continue to be listed on the Over-the-Counter
Bulletin Board, and to notify the Buyer if the Company receives any notification
(either oral or written) materially adversely effecting such status.

      6.2 BUYER COVENANTS.

      (a) Buyer shall cooperate with the Company and the Seller in the purchase
by the Company of the shares of Buyer.

                                       19
<PAGE>

      6.3 COMPANY COVENANTS. During the period from the date of this Agreement
and continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement or the
Closing Date, the Company agrees to carry on the Company's business in the
usual, regular and ordinary course in substantially the same manner as
heretofore conducted, to pay the debts and Taxes of the Company when due, to pay
or perform other obligations when due, and, to the extent consistent with such
business, use their commercially reasonable efforts consistent with past
practice and policies to preserve intact the Company's present business
organizations, keep available the services of the Company's present officers and
key employees and preserve the Company's relationships with customers,
suppliers, distributors, licensors, licensees, and others having business
dealings with it, all with the goal of preserving unimpaired the Company's
goodwill and ongoing businesses at the Closing Date. The Company shall promptly
notify Buyer of any event or occurrence or emergency not in the ordinary course
of business of the Company and any material event involving the Company.
Specifically, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of Buyer:

      (a) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on or make any other
distributions (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect of any of its
capital stock, or split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue
or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or
in substitution for shares of capital stock of the Company, or repurchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any shares of the capital
stock of the Company (or options, warrants or other rights exercisable
therefore);

      (b) issue, grant, deliver or sell or authorize or propose the issuance,
grant, delivery or sale of, or purchase or propose the purchase of, any shares
of its capital stock or securities convertible into, or subscriptions, rights,
warrants or options to acquire, or other agreements or commitments of any
character obligating it to issue or purchase any such shares or other
convertible securities, or accelerate the vesting of any stock options.

      (c) cause or permit any amendments to its Articles of Incorporation or
Bylaws except to the extent required to comply with applicable law or to effect
a name change or reverse stock split as determined by Buyer;

      (d) acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or by
purchasing any assets or equity securities of, or by any other manner, any
business or any corporation, partnership, association or other business
organization or division thereof, or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any
assets which are material, individually or in the aggregate, to the Company's
business other than the acquisition of Buyer;

      (e) sell, lease, license or otherwise dispose or agree to do the same with
respect to any of its material properties or assets;

                                       20
<PAGE>

      (f) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any such
indebtedness or issue or sell any debt securities or guarantee any debt
securities of others, unless loans are incurred to cover costs to close this
agreement.

      (g) grant any loans to others or purchase debt securities of others or
amend the terms of any outstanding loan agreement;

      (h) grant any severance or termination pay (i) to any director or officer
or (ii) to any other employee;

      (i) adopt any employee benefit plan, or enter into any employment
contract, pay or agree to pay any special bonus or special remuneration to any
director or employee, or increase the salaries or wage rates of its employees
other than in connection with the regularly scheduled performance reviews of
individual employees;

      (j) revalue any of its assets, including without limitation writing down
the value of inventory or writing off notes or accounts receivable other than in
the ordinary course of business;

      (k) make or change any material election in respect of Taxes, adopt or
change any accounting method in respect of Taxes, enter into any closing
agreement, settle any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes, or consent to any
extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable to any claim or
assessment in respect of Taxes;

      (l) enter into any agreement, contract, or commitment;

      (m) change its methods of accounting or change its fiscal year; or

      (n) take, or agree in writing or otherwise to take, any of the actions
described in Sections (a) through (m) above, or any other action that would
prevent the Company from performing or cause the Company not to perform its
covenants hereunder, or any other action not in the ordinary course of the
Company's business and consistent with past practice.


                                   ARTICLE VII

                                   TERMINATION

      7.1 TERMINATION. This Agreement may be, terminated:

      (a) at any time before, or at, Closing by the mutual written agreement of
Buyer and Seller;

                                       21
<PAGE>

      (b) at Closing, by a Party if any provision (including, but not limited
to, the representations and warranties) of this Agreement that is applicable to
or required to be performed by the other Party shall be materially untrue or
fail to be accomplished;

      (c) Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, in accordance with
the terms and conditions set forth in this paragraph, each Party shall bear all
costs and expenses as that Party has incurred.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

      8.1 SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS. All
representations, warranties and statements made by a Party to in this Agreement
or in any document or certificate delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the
Closing Date. Each of the Parties hereto is executing and carrying out the
provisions of this Agreement in reliance upon the representations, warranties
and covenants and agreements contained in this agreement or at the closing of
the transactions herein provided for and not upon any investigation which it
might have made or any representations, warranty, agreement, promise or
information, written or oral, made by the other Party or any other person other
than as specifically set forth herein.

      8.2 ACCESS TO BOOKS AND RECORDS. During the course of this transaction
through Closing, each Party agrees to make available for inspection all
corporate books, records and assets, and otherwise afford to each other and
their respective representatives, reasonable access to all documentation and
other information concerning the business, financial and legal conditions of
each other for the purpose of conducting a due diligence investigation thereof.
Such due diligence investigation shall be for the purpose of satisfying each
Party as to the business, financial and legal condition of each other for the
purpose of determining the desirability of consummating the proposed
transaction. The Parties further agree to keep confidential and not use for
their own benefit, except in accordance with this Agreement any information or
documentation obtained in connection with any such investigation.

      8.3 FURTHER ASSURANCES. If, at any time after the Closing, the Parties
hereby mutually agree that any further deeds, assignments or assurances in law
or that any other things are necessary, desirable or proper to complete the
transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with the terms of this agreement
or to vest, perfect or confirm, of record or otherwise, the title to any
property or rights of the Parties hereto, the Parties agree that their proper
officers and directors shall execute and deliver all such proper deeds,
assignments and assurances in law and do all things necessary, desirable or
proper to vest, perfect or confirm title to such property or rights and
otherwise to carry out the purpose of this Agreement, and that the proper
officers and directors the Parties are fully authorized to take any and all such
action.

                                       22
<PAGE>

      8.4 NOTICE. All communications, notices, requests, consents or demands
given or required under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed
to have been duly given when delivered to, or received by prepaid registered or
certified mail or recognized overnight courier addressed to, or upon receipt of
a facsimile sent to, the Party for whom intended, as follows, or to such other
address or facsimile number as may be furnished by that Party by notice in the
manner provided herein:

          If to the Company:

                  Secured Data, Inc.

                  409 Calle San Pablo, Suite 100-101
                  Camarillo, CA 93010
                  Facsimile: 805-445-0070
                  Attn:  Art Malone, Jr., President

                  If to Seller: Art Malone, Jr.
                  409 Calle San Pablo, Suite 100-101
                  Camarillo, CA 93010
                  Facsimile: 805-445-0070


          If to Buyer:   Zhi Lan Wang
                         Jun Lin
                         c/o Law Offices of Gary L. Blum
                         278 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 603
                         Los Angeles, CA 90010
                         Facsimile: 213-384-1035

          Attn:  Gary L. Blum, Esq.

      8.5 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement, the Exhibits and Schedules hereto
and
any instruments and agreements to be executed pursuant to this Agreement, set
forth the entire understanding of the Parties hereto with respect to its subject
matter, merges and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings with
respect to its subject matter and may not be waived or modified, in whole or in
part, except by a writing signed by each of the Parties hereto. No waiver of any
provision of this Agreement in any instance shall be deemed to be a waiver of
the same or any other provision in any other instance. Failure of any party to
enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of
its rights under such provision.

                                       23
<PAGE>

      8.6 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement shall be binding upon,
enforceable against and inure to the benefit of, the Parties hereto and their
respective heirs, administrators, executors, personal representatives,
successors and assigns, and nothing herein is intended to confer any right,
remedy or benefit upon any other person. This Agreement may not be assigned by
any Party hereto except with the prior written consent of the other Parties,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

      8.7 GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall in all respects be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, USA that are
applicable to agreements made and fully to be performed in such state, without
giving effect to conflicts of law principles.

      8.8 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument.

      8.9 CONSTRUCTION. Headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience
only and shall not be used in the interpretation of this Agreement. References
herein to Articles, Sections and Exhibits are to the articles, sections and
exhibits, respectively, of this Agreement. The Schedules hereto are hereby
incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Agreement. As used
herein, the singular includes the plural, and the masculine, feminine and neuter
gender each includes the others where the context so indicates.

      8.10 SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, this Agreement
shall be interpreted and enforceable as if such provision were severed or
limited, but only to the extent necessary to render such provision and this
Agreement enforceable.

      8.11 ARBITRATION. Any controversy arising out of, connected to, or
relating to any matters herein of the transactions with the Parties hereto on
behalf of the undersigned, or this Agreement, or the breach thereof, including,
but not limited to any claims of violations of federal and/or state securities
laws, banking statutes, consumer protection statutes, federal and/or state
anti-racketeering (e.g. RICO) claims as well as any common law claims and any
state law claims of fraud, negligence, negligent misrepresentations, and/or
conversion, or the laws of any territory, country or jurisdiction, shall be
settled by arbitration; and in accordance with this paragraph any judgment on
the arbitrator's award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
In the event of such a dispute, each party agrees to arbitration conducted
through the auspices of American Arbitration Association. Venue for any action
shall lie in Ventura County, California, USA.

                                       24
<PAGE>

      8.12 REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. The Company will file such reports as
required under the Exchange Act for such matters as required under such Exchange
Act aswell as any applicable state securities commissions.

      8.13 CONFIDENTIALITY; PUBLIC DISCLOSURE. Each of the parties hereto hereby
agrees that the information obtained pursuant to the negotiation and execution
of this Agreement shall be treated as confidential and not be disclosed to third
parties who are not agents of one of the Parties to this Agreement.

      8.14 NOTIFICATION OF CERTAIN MATTERS. Each Party shall give prompt notice
to the other of (i) the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event, the
occurrence or non-occurrence of which is likely to cause any representation or
warranty of such party contained in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate
and (ii) any failure of such party to comply with or satisfy any covenant,
condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it hereunder;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section
shall not limit or otherwise affect any remedies available to the party
receiving such notice. Further, disclosure pursuant to this Section shall not be
deemed to amend or supplement the Schedules hereto or prevent or cure any
misrepresentations, breach of warranty or breach of covenant.

      8.15 CURRENCY. The parties hereto agree that all monetary amounts set
forth herein are referenced in United States dollars, unless otherwise stated.

      8.16 RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. The parties hereto agree that they have been
represented by counsel during the negotiation and execution of this Agreement
and, therefore, waive the application of any law, regulation, holding or rule of
construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or other document will
be construed against the party drafting such agreement or document.

      8.17 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and by
facsimile signatures. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile
transmission, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the
party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same
force and effect as if such facsimile signature page were an original thereof.
All such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.

                             [Signatures to Follow]


                                       25
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties hereto has executed this Agreement
as of the date first set forth above.


                                             SELLER:


                                             BY:  /s/ Art Malone, Jr.
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Art Malone, Jr.


                                             BUYER:




                                             By:  /s/ Zhi Lan Wang
                                                  ------------------------------
                                                  Zhi Lan Wang


                                              By: /s/ Jun Lin
                                                  ------------------------------
                                                  Jun Lin

                                             COMPANY:

                                             Secured Data, Inc.,
                                             a Nevada corporation


                                             By:  /s/ Art Malone, Jr.
                                                  ------------------------------
                                                  Art Malone, Jr.
                                                  President


                                       26
<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT "A"

                                ESCROW AGREEMENT


                                   EXHIBIT "B"

                                LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

                                    SCHEDULES

Schedule 2.4 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS; and 2.7 INDEBTEDNESS; CONTRACTS; NO DEFAULTS.


                                       27


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>v010437_ex10-2.txt
<TEXT>

                                  EXHIBIT 10.2

Agreement and Plan Of Reorganization dated as of December 20, 2004 by and among
Secured Data, Inc., Northwest Bio-Technic Inc., and the shareholders of
Northwest Bio- Technic Inc.; and Convertible Promissory Note

                      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

                               Secured Data, Inc.
                                       and
                           Northwest Bio-Technic Inc.

      This Agreement and Plan of Reorganization ("Agreement"), dated as of
December 20, 2004, among Secured Data, Inc. (SCRE), a Nevada corporation,
Northwest Bio-Technic Inc. ("NBTI"), a British Virgin Islands corporation, and
the subscribing shareholders of Northwest Bio-Technic Inc. ("NBTI Shareholders")
who will join this Agreement by execution.


                              W I T N E S S E T H:

      A. WHEREAS, NBTI and SCRE are corporations duly organized under the laws
of the British Virgin Islands ("BVI") and the State of Nevada, respectively.

                                       28
<PAGE>

      B. Plan of Reorganization. The subscribing NBTI Shareholders are the
owners of at least 100% of the issued and outstanding common stock of NBTI; and
NBTI solely owns directly the entire issued share capital of Huifeng
Biochemistry Joint Stock Company ("Huifeng"), which is a joint stock company
established under the laws of the People's Republic of China ("PRC") and
responsible for the production and sales of plant extracts, biochemical products
and pharmaceutical raw products in the PRC. It is the intention that 30% of the
issued and outstanding stock of NBTI shall be acquired by SCRE in exchange
solely for its voting stock at the Closing Date; and; subsequently, up to the
remaining 70% of the issued and outstanding stock of NBTI shall be acquired by
SCRE in exchange for a promissory note convertible into SCRE common stock.

      C. Exchange of Shares. SCRE and the subscribing NBTI Shareholders agree
that 30% of the 500,000 common shares issued and outstanding of NBTI shall be
exchanged with SCRE for 80,735,590 shares of the common stock of SCRE. The SCRE
shares, on the Closing Date, shall be delivered ratably divided to the
individual subscribing NBTI Shareholders (or their designees) in exchange for
their NBTI shares as hereinafter set forth. Further, SCRE and the subscribing
NBTI Shareholders agree that subsequently, and subject to certain conditions,
the remaining 70% of the 500,000 common shares issued and outstanding of NBTI
shall be exchanged with SCRE for the purchase price of $1,900,000 (the "Purchase
Price"), payable by the issuance by SCRE of a convertible promissory note, the
form of which is set forth in Exhibit A hereof (the "Convertible Note"). The
Convertible Note may be convertible into 10,465,725 shares of SCRE common stock,
subject to effecting a 1:18 reverse split of the common stock.

      NOW, THEREFORE, it is agreed among the parties as follows:


                                    ARTICLE I

                                The Consideration

      1.1 Subject to the conditions set forth herein on the "Effective Date" (as
herein defined), the subscribing Shareholders of NBTI ("NBTI Shareholders")
shall exchange 30% of their shares of NBTI (constituting at least 30% of the
issued and outstanding common stock of NBTI) for 80,735,590 shares of SCRE
common stock. The transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be completed
at a closing ("Closing") on a closing date ("Closing Date") which shall be as
soon as practicable after joinder in this exchange by NBTI Shareholders holding
at least 30% of the outstanding NBTI common shares, except that such transaction
must be completed on or before ____, 2004, or this Agreement shall expire unless
extended in writing.

      On the Closing Date, all of the documents to be furnished to SCRE and
NBTI, including the documents to be furnished pursuant to Articles VII and X of
this Agreement, shall be delivered to Gary L. Blum, Esq., to be held in escrow
until the Effective Date or the date of termination of this Agreement, whichever
first occurs, and thereafter shall be promptly distributed to the parties as
their interests may appear.

                                       29
<PAGE>

      1.2 At the Effective Date, NBTI's shareholders shall receive pro rata
shares of $0.001 par value SCRE common stock as follows:

            SCRE shall issue 80,735,590 of its shares of common stock, for 30%
            of the outstanding common shares of NBTI, to the subscribing
            shareholders of NBTI, ratably according to their interests.

      1.3   If this Agreement is duly executed by the holders of 30% of the
            outstanding common stock of NBTI, subject to the other provisions
            hereof, it shall become effective, and such date of final execution
            shall be the "Effective Date" of this Agreement.

      1.4   Provided the transaction described in paragraphs 1.2 and 1.3 above
            have been consummated, and the conditions described in the
            Convertible Note have been effected, SCRE shall, upon conversion of
            the entirety of the Convertible Note, issue 10,465,725 (post a 1:18
            reverse split) of its shares of common stock for the remaining 70%
            of the outstanding common shares of NBTI to the subscribing
            shareholders of NBTI, ratably according to their interests.

                                   ARTICLE II

                         Issuance and Exchange of Shares

      2.1 The 80,735,590 shares of $0.001 par value common stock of SCRE shall
be issued by it to the subscribing NBTI Shareholders at Closing.

      2.2 SCRE represents that no outstanding options or warrants for its
unissued shares exist.


                                       30
<PAGE>

      2.3 The stock transfer books of NBTI shall be closed on the Effective
Date, and thereafter no transfers of the stock of NBTI shall be made (except
pursuant to the Convertible Note). NBTI shall appoint Gary L. Blum, Esq. as an
exchange agent ("Exchange Agent"), to accept surrender of the certificates
representing the common shares of NBTI, and to deliver in exchange for such
surrendered certificates, shares of common stock of SCRE. The authorization of
the Exchange Agent may be terminated by SCRE after six months following the
Effective Date.

      2.4 No fractional shares of SCRE stock shall be issued as a result of the
Agreement. Shares shall be rounded up to nearest whole share.

      2.5 At the Effective Date, each holder of a certificate or certificates
representing common shares of NBTI, upon presentation and surrender of such
certificate or certificates to the Exchange Agent, shall be entitled to receive
the consideration set forth herein, except that holders of those shares as to
which dissenters' rights shall have been validly asserted and perfected pursuant
to BVI law shall not be converted into shares of SCRE common stock, but shall
represent only such dissenters' rights. Upon such presentation, surrender, and
exchange as provided in this Section 2.5, certificates representing shares of
NBTI previously held shall be canceled. Until so presented and surrendered, each
certificate or certificates which represented issued and outstanding shares of
NBTI at the Effective Date shall be deemed for all purposes to evidence the
right to receive the consideration set forth in Section 1.2 of this Agreement.
If the certificates representing shares of NBTI have been lost, stolen,
mutilated or destroyed, the Exchange Agent shall require the submission of an
indemnity agreement and may require the submission of a bond in lieu of such
certificate.

                                   ARTICLE III

                           Representations, Warranties
                   and Covenants of Northwest Bio-Technic Inc.

      No representations or warranties are made by any director, officer,
employee or shareholder of NBTI as individuals, except as and to the extent
stated in this Agreement or in a separate written statement (the "NBTI
Disclosure Statement"), if any. NBTI hereby represents, warrants and covenants
to SCRE except as stated in the NBTI Disclosure Statement, as follows:

      3.1 NBTI is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of British Virgin Islands, and has the corporate power
and authority to own or lease its properties and to carry on its business as it
is now being conducted. NBTI solely owns directly the entire issued share
capital of Huifeng Biochemistry Joint Stock Company ("Huifeng"), which is a
joint stock company established under the laws of the People's Republic of China
("PRC") and responsible for the production and sales of plant extracts,
biochemical products and pharmaceutical raw products in the PRC. The Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws of NBTI are complete and accurate, and the minute
books of NBTI contain a record, which is complete and accurate in all material
respects, of all meetings, and all corporate actions of the shareholders and
board of directors of NBTI.

      3.2 The aggregate number of shares which NBTI is authorized to issue is
500,000 shares of common stock of which 500,000 shares are issued and
outstanding.

      3.3 NBTI has complete and unrestricted power to enter into and, upon the
appropriate approvals as required by law, to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

                                       31
<PAGE>

      3.4 Neither the making of nor the compliance with the terms and provisions
of this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated herein by
NBTI will conflict with or result in a breach or violation of the Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws of NBTI.

      3.5 The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement has been
duly authorized and approved by NBTI Board of Directors.

      3.6 There are no legal proceedings or regulatory proceedings involving
material claims pending, or to the knowledge of the executive officers of NBTI,
threatened against NBTI or affecting any of its assets or properties, and to the
knowledge of NBTI' officers, NBTI is not in any material breach or violation of
or default under any contract or instrument to which NBTI is a party, or under
its respective Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, nor is there any court or
regulatory order pending, applicable to NBTI.

      3.7 The representations and warranties of NBTI shall be true and correct
as of the date hereof and as of the Effective Date.

      3.8 No representation or warranty by NBTI in this Agreement, the NBTI
Disclosure Statement or any certificate delivered pursuant hereto contains any
untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact
necessary to make such representation or warranty not misleading.

      3.9 To the knowledge of the executive officers of NBTI, all trade names,
inventions, discoveries, ideas, research, engineering, methods, practices,
processes, systems, formulae, designs, drawings, products, projects,
improvements, developments, know-how, and trade secrets which are used in the
conduct of NBTI's business, whether registered or unregistered (collectively the
Proprietary Rights) are owned by NBTI. To the knowledge of the executive
officers of NBTI, NBTI created or developed such Proprietary Rights and such
Proprietary Rights are not subject to any restriction, lien, encumbrance, right,
title or interest in others. All of the Proprietary Rights stand solely in the
name of NBTI and not in the name of any shareholder, director, officer, agent,
partner or employee or anyone else known to the executive officers of NBTI, and
none of the same have any right, title, interest, restriction, lien or
encumbrance therein or thereon or thereto. To the knowledge of the executive
officers of NBTI, NBTI's ownership and use of the Proprietary Rights do not and
will not infringe upon, conflict with or violate in any material respect any
patent, copyright, trade secret or other lawful proprietary right of any other
party, and no claim is pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of
NBTI, threatened to the effect that the operations of NBTI infringe upon or
conflict with the asserted rights of any other person under any of the
Proprietary Rights, and to the knowledge of the executive officers of NBTI there
is no reasonable basis for any such claim (whether or not pending or
threatened). No claim is pending, or to the knowledge of the executive officers
of NBTI, threatened to the effect that any such Proprietary Rights owned or
licensed by NBTI, or which NBTI otherwise has the right to use, is invalid or
unenforceable by NBTI.

      3.10 (i) NBTI has not received notice of any material violation of or
investigation relating to any environmental or pollution law, regulation, or
ordinance with respect to assets now or previously owned or operated by NBTI
that has not been fully and finally resolved; (ii) to the knowledge of the
executive officers of NBTI, all permits, licenses and other authorizations which
are required under United States, federal, state, provincial and local laws with
respect to pollution or protection of the environment ("Environmental Laws"),
including Environmental Laws relating to actual or threatened emissions,
discharges or releases of pollutants, contaminants or hazardous or toxic
materials or wastes ("Pollutants") have been obtained; (iii) to the knowledge of
the executive officers of NBTI, no conditions exist on, in or about the
properties now or previously owned or operated by NBTI or any third-party

                                       32
<PAGE>

properties to which any Pollutants generated by NBTI were sent or released that
could give rise on the part of NBTI to material liability under any
Environmental Laws, material claims by third parties under Environmental Laws or
under common law or the occurrence of material costs to avoid any such liability
or claim; and (iv) to the knowledge of the executive officers of NBTI, all
operators of Huifeng's assets are in material compliance with all terms and
conditions of such Environmental Laws, permits, licenses and authorizations, and
are also in compliance with all other limitations, restrictions, conditions,
standards, prohibitions, requirements, obligations, schedules and timetables
contained in such laws or contained in any regulation, code, plan, order,
decree, judgment, notice or demand letter issued, entered, promulgated or
approved thereunder, relating to Huifeng's assets.

      3.11 NBTI has delivered to SCRE financial statements of Huifeng dated
September 30, 2004. All such statements, herein sometimes called " Huifeng I
Financial Statements," are (and will be) complete and correct in all material
respects and, together with the notes to these financial statements, present
fairly the financial position and results of operations of Huifeng for the
periods indicated. All financial statements of Huifeng will have been prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

      3.12 Since the dates of the Huifeng Financial Statements, there have not
been any material adverse changes in the business or condition, financial or
otherwise, of Huifeng, Huifeng does not have any material liabilities or
obligations, secured or unsecured except as shown on the updated financials of
Huifeng dated September 30, 2004 (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or
otherwise).

                                   ARTICLE IV

                  Representations, Warranties and Covenants of
                               Secured Data, Inc.

      No representations or warranties are made by any director, officer,
employee or shareholder of SCRE as individuals, except as and to the extent
stated in this Agreement or in a separate written statement.

      SCRE hereby represents, warrants and covenants to NBTI and its
shareholders, except as stated in the SCRE Disclosure Statement, if any, as
follows:

      4.1 SCRE is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of Nevada, and has the corporate power and
authority to own or lease its properties and to carry on its business as it is
now being conducted. The Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of SCRE, copies of
which have been delivered to NBTI, are complete and accurate, and the minute
books of SCRE contain a record, which is complete and accurate in all material
respects, of all meetings, and all corporate actions of the shareholders and
Board of Directors of SCRE.

      4.2 The aggregate number of shares which SCRE is authorized to issue is
100,000,000 shares of common stock with $.001 par value per share and 5,000,000
shares of Preferred Stock of which 12,869,368 shares of such common stock are
issued and outstanding, fully paid and non-assessable. SCRE will have, on the
Closing Date, no outstanding options, warrants or other rights to purchase, or
subscribe to, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of
capital stock. No preferred stock of SCRE is outstanding.

                                       33
<PAGE>

      4.3 SCRE has complete and unrestricted power to enter into and, upon the
appropriate approvals as required by law, to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

      4.4 Neither the making of nor the compliance with the terms and provisions
of this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated herein by
SCRE will conflict with or result in a breach or violation of the Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws of SCRE.

      4.5 The execution of this Agreement has been duly authorized and approved
by the Board of Directors of SCRE.

      4.6 SCRE has delivered to NBTI audited financial statements of SCRE dated
December 31, 2003 and interim unaudited for September 30, 2004. All such
statements, herein sometimes called "SCRE Financial Statements," are (and will
be) complete and correct in all material respects and, together with the notes
to these financial statements, present fairly the financial position and results
of operations of SCRE for the periods indicated. All statements of SCRE will
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

      4.7 Since the dates of the SCRE Financial Statements, there have not been
any material adverse changes in the business or condition, financial or
otherwise, of SCRE. SCRE does not have any material liabilities or obligations,
secured or unsecured except as shown on the updated financials of SCRE dated
September 30, 2004 (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise). SCRE
shall have, at Closing, no outstanding assets or liabilities except as described
in Schedule 4.7 attached hereto.

      4.8 There are no legal proceedings or regulatory proceedings involving
material claims pending, or, to the knowledge of the officers of SCRE,
threatened against SCRE or affecting any of its assets or properties, and SCRE
is not in any material breach or violation of or default under any contract or
instrument to which SCRE is a party, and no event has occurred which with the
lapse of time or action by a third party could result in a material breach or
violation of or default by SCRE under any contract or other instrument to which
SCRE is a party or by which they or any of their respective properties may be
bound or affected, or under their respective Articles of Incorporation or
Bylaws, nor is there any court or regulatory order pending, applicable to SCRE.

      4.9 SCRE shall not enter into or consummate any transactions prior to the
Effective Date other than in the ordinary course of business and will issue no
securities, pay no dividend, or increase the compensation of officers and will
not enter into any agreement or transaction which would adversely affect its
financial condition except pursuant to the proposed minutes of the Board of
Directors of SCRE presented herewith for approval by NBTI.

      4.10 The representations and warranties of SCRE shall be true and correct
as of the date hereof and as of the Effective Date.

      4.11 SCRE corporate books and records are true records of its actions.
SCRE will also deliver to NBTI on or before the Closing Date any reports
relating to the financial and business condition of SCRE which occur after the
date of this Agreement and any other reports sent generally to its shareholders
after the date of this Agreement.

      4.12 SCRE has no employee benefit plan in effect at this time.

                                       34
<PAGE>

      4.13 SCRE is current in its filing obligations under the federal
securities laws. No report filed by SCRE with the Securities and Exchange
Commission contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state
any material fact necessary to make such representation or warranty not
misleading, and all such reports comply as to form and substance in all material
respects with all applicable SEC requirements.

      4.14 SCRE ("Indemnifying Party") hereby agrees to indemnify NBTI, the NBTI
Shareholders and each of the officers, agents and directors of NBTI or the NBTI
Shareholders against any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense (including,
but not limited to, any and all expenses whatsoever reasonably incurred in
investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or
threatened, or any claim whatsoever) (each an "Indemnified Party") to which it
or they may become subject arising out of or based on either (i) any breach of
or inaccuracy in any of the representations and warranties or covenants or
conditions made by SCRE and/or its officers or directors herein in this
Agreement; or (ii) any and all liabilities arising out of or in connection with:
(A) any of the assets of SCRE prior to the Closing; or (B) the operations of
SCRE prior to the Closing.


                                    ARTICLE V

1 Obligations of the Parties Pending the Effective Date

      5.1 At all times prior to the Effective Date during regular business
hours, each party will permit the other to examine its books and records and the
books and records of its subsidiaries and will furnish copies thereof on
request. It is recognized that, during the performance of this Agreement, each
party may provide the other parties with information which is confidential or
proprietary information. The recipient of such information shall at all times
protect such information from disclosure, other than disclosure required by
rule, regulation, or law, other than to members of its own or affiliated
organizations and its professional advisers, in the same manner as it protects
its own confidential or proprietary information from unauthorized disclosure,
and not use such information to the competitive detriment of the disclosing
party. In addition, if this Agreement is terminated for any reason, each party
shall promptly return or cause to be returned all documents or other written
records of such confidential or proprietary information, together with all
copies of such writings and, in addition, shall either furnish or cause to be
furnished, or shall destroy, or shall maintain with such standard of care as is
exercised with respect to its own confidential or proprietary information, all
copies of all documents or other written records developed or prepared by such
party on the basis of such confidential or proprietary information. No
information shall be considered confidential or proprietary if it is (a)
information already in the possession of the party to whom disclosure is made,
(b) information acquired by the party to whom the disclosure is made from other
sources, or (c) information in the public domain or generally available to
interested persons or which at a later date passes into the public domain or
becomes available to the party to whom disclosure is made without any wrongdoing
by the party to whom the disclosure is made.

      5.2 SCRE and NBTI shall promptly provide each other with information as to
any significant developments in the performance of this Agreement, and shall
promptly notify the other if it discovers that any of its representations,
warranties and covenants contained in this Agreement or in any document
delivered in connection with this Agreement was not true and correct in all
material respects or became untrue or incorrect in any material respect.

                                       35
<PAGE>

      5.3 All parties to this Agreement shall take all such action as may be
reasonably necessary and appropriate and shall use their best efforts in order
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby as promptly as practicable.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                             Procedure For Exchange

      6.1 At the Closing Date, the exchange shall be effected within 4 business
days after receipt by Gary L. Blum, Esq., as attorney for SCRE, of the NBTI
common stock certificates representing 30% of the issued and outstanding common
stock of NBTI, by instructing the transfer agent of SCRE to issue the new
certificates and sending the certificates of SCRE by Federal Express to the
exchanging NBTI Shareholders.

                                   ARTICLE VII

            Conditions Precedent to the Consummation of the Exchange

      The following are conditions precedent to the consummation of the
Agreement on or before the Effective Date:

      7.1 NBTI and SCRE shall have performed and complied with all of its
respective obligations hereunder which are to be complied with or performed on
or before the Effective Date and SCRE and NBTI shall provide one another at the
Closing with a certificate to the effect that such party has performed each of
the acts and undertakings required to be performed by it on or before the
Closing Date pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

      7.2 This Agreement, the transactions contemplated herein shall have been
duly and validly authorized, approved and adopted, at meetings of the
shareholders of NBTI duly and properly called for such purpose in accordance
with the applicable laws.

      7.3 No action, suit or proceeding shall have been instituted or shall have
been threatened before any court or other governmental body or by any public
authority to restrain, enjoin or prohibit the transactions contemplated herein,
or which might subject any of the parties hereto or their directors or officers
to any material liability, fine, forfeiture or penalty on the grounds that the
transactions contemplated hereby, the parties hereto or their directors or
officers, have violated any applicable law or regulation or have otherwise acted
improperly in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and the
parties hereto have been advised by counsel that, in the opinion of such
counsel, such action, suit or proceeding raises substantial questions of law or
fact which could reasonably be decided adversely to any party hereto or its
directors or officers.

      7.4 All actions, proceedings, instruments and documents required to carry
out this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and the form and
substance of all legal proceedings and related matters shall have been approved
by counsel for NBTI and SCRE.

      7.5 The representations and warranties made by NBTI and SCRE in this
Agreement shall be true as though such representations and warranties had been
made or given on and as of the Closing Date.

                                       36
<PAGE>

      7.6 Securities Laws Compliance. Each shareholder of NBTI ("NBTI
Shareholder"), by executing this Agreement hereby represents and warrants to
SCRE as follows: (a) Ownership of the NBTI shares. The NBTI Shareholder owns,
beneficially and of record, good and marketable title to its NBTI shares, free
and clear of all security interests, liens, adverse claims, encumbrances,
equities, proxies, options or stockholders' agreements. At the Closing, the NBTI
Shareholder will convey to SCRE good and marketable title to the NBTI shares,
free and clear of any security interests, liens, adverse claims, encumbrances,
equities, proxies, options, stockholders' agreements or restrictions.

      (b) Authority Relative to this Agreement. The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement by the NBTI Shareholder and the consummation by
the NBTI Shareholder of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly
authorized by the NBTI Shareholder, and no other actions on the part of the NBTI
Shareholder are necessary to authorize this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and
delivered by the NBTI Shareholder and constitutes a valid and binding agreement
of the NBTI Shareholder, enforceable against the NBTI Shareholder in accordance
with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights
generally or by general principles of equity.

      (c) Consents and Approvals; No Violations. Except for requirements of
applicable laws, no filing with, and no permit, authorization, consent or
approval of, any public body or authority is necessary for the consummation by
the NBTI Shareholder of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Neither
the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the NBTI Shareholder nor the
consummation by the NBTI Shareholder of the transactions contemplated hereby,
nor compliance by the NBTI Shareholder with any of the provisions hereof, will
(a) result in a violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without due
notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of
termination, cancellation or acceleration) under, any of the terms, conditions
or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, license, contract,
agreement or other instrument or obligation to which the NBTI Shareholder is a
party or by which the NBTI Shareholder or his property may be bound or (b)
violate any order, writ, injunction, decree, statute, rule or regulation
applicable to the NBTI Shareholder, except in the case of clauses (a) and (b)
for violations, breaches or defaults which are not in the aggregate material to
the NBTI Shareholder.

      (d) Restricted Securities. The NBTI Shareholder acknowledges that the SCRE
shares will not be registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "Securities Act") or any applicable state securities laws, that the SCRE
shares will be characterized as "restricted securities" under federal securities
laws, and that under such laws and applicable regulations the SCRE shares cannot
be sold or otherwise disposed of without registration under the Securities Act
or an exemption therefrom. In this regard, the NBTI Shareholder is familiar with
Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, as currently in effect, and
understands the resale limitations imposed thereby and by the Securities Act.

      (e) Accredited Investor. The NBTI Shareholder is either an "Accredited
Investor" as that term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under
the Securities Act, or, if not, the NBTI Shareholder is a sophisticated investor
and is able to bear the economic risk of acquiring the SCRE Shares pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement, including a complete loss of the NBTI Shareholder's
investment in the SCRE shares.

      (f) Legend. The NBTI Shareholder acknowledges that the certificate(s)
representing the SCRE shares shall each conspicuously set forth on the face or
back thereof a legend in substantially the following form:

                                       37
<PAGE>

         THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
         1933, AS AMENDED. THEY MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR
         HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AS
         TO THE SECURITIES UNDER SAID ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM
         REGISTRATION OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT
         SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.


      7.7 SCRE shall furnish NBTI with a certified copy of a resolution or
resolutions duly adopted by the Board of Directors of SCRE, approving this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated by it.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                           Termination and Abandonment

      8.1 Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding,
the Agreement may be terminated and abandoned at any time prior to the Effective
Date:

            (a) By mutual consent of NBTI and SCRE;

            (b) By NBTI, or SCRE, if any condition set forth in Articles VII or
X relating to the other party has not been met by the Effective Date or has not
been waived in writing by the other party;

            (c) By NBTI, or SCRE, if any suit, action or other proceeding shall
be pending or threatened by the federal or a state government before any court
or governmental agency, in which it is sought to restrain, prohibit or otherwise
affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby;

            (d) By any party, if there is discovered any material error,
misstatement or omission in the representations and warranties of another party;

            (e) By any party if the Effective Date is not within 15 days from
the date hereof, or if the Closing Date passes without performance.

      8.2 Any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement may be waived in
writing at any time by the party which is entitled to the benefit thereof, by
action taken by its Board of Directors provided; however, that such action shall
be taken only if, in the judgment of the Board of Directors taking the action,
such waiver will not have a materially adverse effect on the benefits intended
under this Agreement to the party waiving such term or condition.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                        Termination of Representation and
                        Warranties and Certain Agreements

                                       38
<PAGE>

      9.1 The respective representations and warranties of the parties hereto
shall expire with, and be terminated and extinguished four years after the
Effective Date of the Agreement; provided, however, that the covenants and
agreements of the parties hereto shall survive in accordance with their terms.


                                    ARTICLE X

                                  Miscellaneous

      10.1 This Agreement embodies the entire agreement between the parties, and
there have been and are no agreements, representations or warranties among the
parties other than those set forth herein or those provided for herein.

      10.2 To facilitate the execution of this Agreement, any number of
counterparts hereof may be executed, and each such counterpart shall be deemed
to be an original instrument, but all such counterparts together shall
constitute but one instrument.

      10.3 All parties to this Agreement agree that if it becomes necessary or
desirable to execute further instruments or to make such other assurances as are
deemed necessary, the party requested to do so will use its best efforts to
provide such executed instruments or do all things necessary or proper to carry
out the purpose of this Agreement.

      10.4 This Agreement may be amended upon approval of the Board of Directors
of each party provided that the shares issuable hereunder shall not be amended
without approval of the requisite shareholders of NBTI.

      10.5 Any notices, requests, or other communications required or permitted
hereunder shall be delivered personally or sent by overnight courier service,
fees prepaid, addressed as follows:

          To Northwest Bio-Technic Inc.:

                         c/o Law Offices of Gary L. Blum
                         3278 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 603
                         Los Angeles, CA 90010
                         Attn: Gary L. Blum, Esq.

                         Facsimile: 213-381-7450

To:  Secured Data, Inc.:

                         409 Calle San Pablo, Suite 100-101
                         Camarillo, CA 93010
                         Attn: President
                         Facsimile: 805-445-0070

                                       39
<PAGE>


or such other addresses as shall be furnished in writing by any party, and any
such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given as of the date
received.

      10.6 No press release or public statement will be issued relating to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement without prior approval of NBTI and
SCRE. However, either NBTI or SCRE may issue at any time any press release or
other public statement it believes on the advice of its counsel it is obligated
to issue to avoid liability under the law relating to disclosures, but the party
issuing such press release or public statement shall make a reasonable effort to
give the other party prior notice of and opportunity to participate in such
release or statement.


      10.7 The Parties to this Agreement hereby agree as follows: (a) Subsequent
to the Closing, and as a condition of the effectiveness of the Convertible Note
and purchase of the remaining 70% of the issued and outstanding stock of NBTI,
SCRE shall effect the 1) name change to a name selected by NBTI and 2) a reverse
split of one for eighteen (1:18) shares of the issued and then outstanding
shares of common stock of SCRE, which reverse split will become effective at the
same time as the name change; and further, SCRE shall , within 48 hours of
filing, provide NBTI with time stamped file copies of duly authorized Articles
of Amendment as filed with the Secretary of the State of Nevada, which effects
the reverse split and name change.


      10.8 Any controversy arising out of, connected to, or relating to any
matters herein of the transactions with the Parties hereto on behalf of the
undersigned, or this Agreement, or the breach thereof, including, but not
limited to any claims of violations of federal and/or state securities laws,
banking statutes, consumer protection statutes, federal and/or state
anti-racketeering (e.g. RICO) claims as well as any common law claims and any
state law claims of fraud, negligence, negligent misrepresentations, and/or
conversion, or the laws of any territory, country or jurisdiction, shall be
settled by arbitration; and in accordance with this paragraph any judgment on
the arbitrator's award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
In the event of such a dispute, each party agrees to arbitration conducted
through the auspices of American Arbitration Association. Venue for any action
shall lie in Los Angeles, California.


                                       40
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have entered into this Agreement this 20th
day of December, 2004.

                                            Secured Data, Inc.


                                            By: /s/ Wang Jing An
                                                --------------------------------
                                                President & CEO



                                            Northwest Bio-Technic Inc.


                                            By: /s/ Wang Jing An
                                                --------------------------------
                                                President



                                      NORTHWEST BIO-TECHNIC INC. SHAREHOLDERS

         Signatures                          Please Print Names

         1_________________________         Wang Jing An: 250,000 NBTI shares

         2_________________________         Hou Xin Wen: 50,000 NBTI shares

         3_________________________         Zhang Junqi: 50,000 NBTI shares

         4_________________________         Wang Bijun: 50,000 NBTI shares

         5_________________________         Wang Zhilan: 50,000 NBTI shares

         6_________________________         Wang Xugang: 50,000 NBTI shares


                                       41
<PAGE>

                                  SCHEDULE 4.7


                         CHANGES IN FINANCIAL CONDITION

                  List of Liabilities and Amount:

                                    EXHIBIT A

                           CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE
                                DUE JUNE 3O, 2005

      THIS CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE is issued by Secured Data, Inc., a Nevada
corporation (the "Company"), designated as its Convertible Promissory Note, due
June 30, 2005 (the "CONVERTIBLE NOTE") issued pursuant to the Agreement And Plan
of Reorganization dated December 20, 2004 between Northwest Bio-Technic Inc.
("NBTI"), a British Virgin Islands corporation, its shareholders
("Shareholders") and the Company (the "Reorganization Agreement").

      FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to pay (ratably as per their
shareholdings in NBTI) to the Shareholders or their registered assigns (the
"HOLDERS"), the principal sum of $1,900,000 on June 30, 2005 or such earlier
date as the Convertible Note is required or permitted to be repaid as provided
hereunder (the "MATURITY DATE"), and to pay interest to the Holders on the
aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of this Convertible
Note at the rate of 5% per annum, payable on the Maturity Date as set forth
herein. Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and shall
accrue on the Maturity Date. On the Maturity Date, the Company may, in its sole
discretion, pay the principal sum (and interest accrued) by issuing to the
Holder 10,465,725 shares of the Company's restricted common stock at $0.1815 per
share, provided a required 1 for 18 reverse stock split of the common stock has
been effected.

      This Convertible Note is subject to the following additional provisions:

1. SUBJECT TO REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT. This Convertible Note has been issued
subject to certain investment representations of the original Holders set forth
in the Reorganization Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged only in
compliance with the Reorganization Agreement and applicable federal and state
securities laws and regulations. Prior to due presentment to the Company for
transfer of this Convertible Note, the Company and any agent of the Company may
treat the persons in whose names this Convertible Note is duly registered on the
Convertible Note Register as the owners hereof for the purpose of receiving
payment as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this
Convertible Note is overdue, and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be
affected by notice to the contrary.

                                       42
<PAGE>

2. EVENTS OF DEFAULT.

      (a) "EVENT OF DEFAULT", wherever used herein, means any one of the
following events (whatever the reason and whether it shall be voluntary or
involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree
or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or
governmental body):

            (i) any default in the payment of the principal of, interest on, or
liquidated damages in respect of, any Convertible Note, free of any claim of
subordination, as and when the same shall become due and payable (whether on a
Conversion Date or the Maturity Date or by acceleration or otherwise) which
default is not cured, if possible to cure, within 30 days of notice of such
default sent by the Holder;

            (ii) the Company or any of its subsidiaries shall commence, or there
shall be commenced against the Company or any such subsidiary a case under any
applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws as now or hereafter in effect or any
successor thereto, or the Company commences any other proceeding under any
reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution,
insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction whether now or
hereafter in effect relating to the Company or any subsidiary thereof or there
is commenced against the Company or any subsidiary thereof any such bankruptcy,
insolvency or other proceeding which remains undismissed for a period of 60
days; or the Company or any subsidiary thereof is adjudicated insolvent or
bankrupt; or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or
proceeding is entered; or the Company or any subsidiary thereof suffers any
appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its
property which continues undischarged or unstayed for a period of 60 days; or
the Company or any subsidiary thereof makes a general assignment for the benefit
of creditors; or the Company shall fail to pay, or shall state that it is unable
to pay, or shall be unable to pay, its debts generally as they become due; or
the Company or any subsidiary thereof shall call a meeting of its creditors with
a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts; or
the Company or any subsidiary thereof shall by any act or failure to act
expressly indicate its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the
foregoing; or any corporate or other action is taken by the Company or any
subsidiary thereof for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

      (b) REMEDIES UPON DEFAULT. If any Event of Default occurs and is
continuing, the full principal amount of this Convertible Note, together with
interest and other amounts owing in respect thereof, to the date of acceleration
shall become at the Holders' election, immediately due and payable in cash. The
Holder need not provide and the Company hereby waives any presentment, demand,
protest or other notice of any kind, and the Holders may immediately and without
expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies
hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such
declaration may be rescinded and annulled by Holders at any time prior to
payment hereunder and the Holders shall have all rights as Convertible Note
holders until such time, if any, as the full payment under this Section shall
have been received by it. No such rescission or annulment shall affect any
subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

                                       43
<PAGE>

3. CONVERSION.

      (a) CONVERSION RIGHT. At any time after the Original Issue Date until this
Convertible Note is no longer outstanding, this Convertible Note shall be
convertible into shares of Common Stock at the option of the Holder, in whole
(and not in part) at any time and from time to time (subject to the limitations
on conversion set forth in this Section 3(a) hereof). The Holders shall effect
conversions by delivering to the Company the form of Notice of Conversion
attached hereto as ANNEX A (a "NOTICE OF CONVERSION"), specifying therein the
principal amount of Convertible Note to be converted and the date on which such
conversion is to be effected (a "CONVERSION DATE"). If no Conversion Date is
specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that
such Notice of Conversion is provided hereunder. Conversions hereunder shall
have the effect of lowering the outstanding principal amount of this Convertible
Note in an amount equal to the applicable conversion. The Holders and the
Company shall maintain records showing the principal amount converted and the
date of such conversion. The Holders and any assignee, by acceptance of this
Convertible Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of
this paragraph, following conversion of this Convertible Note, the principal
amount of this Convertible Note may be less than the amount stated on the face
hereof.

      (b) UNDERLYING SHARES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION AND PURSUANT TO THE
CONVERSION OF PRINCIPAL AMOUNT. The number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion shall be 10,465,725 (post a required 1 for 18 reverse stock
split) shares of the Company's restricted common stock (the "Underlying
Shares").

      (d) DELIVERIES UPON CONVERSION. Not later than 10 Business Days after any
Conversion Date, the Company will deliver to the Holders a certificate or
certificates representing the Underlying Shares representing the number of
shares of Common Stock being acquired upon the conversion of Convertible Note
(including, if so timely elected by the Company, shares of Common Stock
representing the payment of accrued interest).

      (f) ADJUSTMENTS.

            (i) If the Company, at any time while the Convertible Note is
outstanding: (A) shall pay a stock dividend or otherwise make a distribution or
distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity
equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of
doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company
pursuant to this Convertible Note, including interest thereon), (B) subdivide
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (C) combine
(including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a smaller number of shares, or (D) issue by reclassification of shares of
the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the number of
Underlying Shares into which this Convertible Note is convertible into shall be
correspondingly adjusted by multiplying such number of shares by a fraction of
which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding
treasury shares, if any) outstanding before such event and of which the
denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding after such
event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall become effective
immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately
after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or
re-classification.

                                       44
<PAGE>

            (ii) All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the
nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be outstanding
as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock
(excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding on a fully diluted basis.

      (g) The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so
issuable shall, upon issue, be duly and validly authorized, issued and fully
paid, nonassessable.

      (h) The issuance of certificates for shares of the Common Stock on
conversion of the Convertible Note shall be made without charge to the Holders
thereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in
respect of the issue or delivery of such certificate, provided that the Company
shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any
transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such certificate upon
conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of such Convertible Note so
converted and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such
certificates unless or until the person or persons requesting the issuance
thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have
established to the satisfaction of the Company that such tax has been paid.

4. DEFINITIONS. For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined
elsewhere in this Convertible Note: (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined
herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Reorganization Agreement,
and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings:

      "BUSINESS DAY" means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which
shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States or a day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other
government action to close.

      "COMMISSION" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

      "COMMON STOCK" means the common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the
Company and stock of any other class into which such shares may hereafter have
been reclassified or changed.

      "EXCHANGE ACT" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

      "ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE" shall mean the date of the first issuance of the
Convertible Note regardless of the number of transfers of any Convertible Note
and regardless of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such
Convertible Note. "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

                                       45
<PAGE>

      "UNDERLYING SHARES" means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of Convertible Note or as payment of interest in accordance with the
terms hereof.

5. DEBT OBLIGATION. This Convertible Note is a direct debt obligation of the
Company. This Convertible Note ranks PARI PASSU with all other Convertible Notes
now or hereafter issued under the terms set forth herein.

6. REPLACEMENT OF NOTE. If this Convertible Note shall be mutilated, lost,
stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver, in exchange and
substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Convertible Note, or in
lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed Convertible Note, a
new Convertible Note for the principal amount of this Convertible Note so
mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed but only upon receipt of evidence of such
loss, theft or destruction of such Convertible Note, and of the ownership
hereof, and indemnity, if requested, all reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

7. INTERPRETATION; CHOICE OF LAW. All questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Convertible Note shall be
governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of
the State of California, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law
thereof. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Convertible Note or the
transactions contemplated hereby. If either party shall commence an action or
proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Convertible Note, then the
prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other
party for its reasonable attorneys' fees and other costs and expenses incurred
with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or
proceeding.

8. WAIVER. Any waiver by the Company or the Holders of a breach of any provision
of this Convertible Note shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of
any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of
this Convertible Note. The failure of the Company or the Holders to insist upon
strict adherence to any term of this Convertible Note on one or more occasions
shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter
to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this
Convertible Note. Any waiver must be in writing.

9. MISCELLANEOUS. If any provision of this Convertible Note is invalid, illegal
or unenforceable, the balance of this Convertible Note shall remain in effect,
and if any provision is inapplicable to any person or circumstance, it shall
nevertheless remain applicable to all other persons and circumstances. If it
shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder
violates applicable laws governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due
hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum permitted rate of

                                       46
<PAGE>

interest. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that
it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim
or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other
law which would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion
of the principal of or interest on the Convertible Note as contemplated herein,
wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the
covenants or the performance of this indenture, and the Company (to the extent
it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any
such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder,
delay or impeded the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but
will suffer and permit the execution of every such as though no such law has
been enacted. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on
a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next
succeeding Business Day.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Convertible Note to be
duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.

                                           SECURED DATA, INC.

                                           By:
                                                --------------------------------
                                                Name: Wang Jin An
                                                Title: Chief Executive Officer


                                       47

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>v010437_ex99-1.txt
<TEXT>
                                  EXHIBIT 99.1

                                  Press Release

 Secured Data, Inc. Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Northwest Bio-Technic
                                  Inc. (NBTI)

        80,735,590 shares were issued to purchase the initial 30% of NBTI

Camarillo, California - (PR Newswire) - December 27, 2004 - Secured Data, Inc.
(OTCBB: SCRE) announced that it has signed an Agreement and Plan of
Reorganization to acquire Northwest Bio-Technic Inc. ("NBTI"), a British Virgin
Islands corporation. NBTI operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, Huifeng
Biochemistry Joint Stock Company ("Huifeng"), which is a joint stock company
established under the laws of the People's Republic of China ("PRC") and
responsible for the production and sales of plant extracts, biochemical products
and pharmaceutical raw products in the PRC.

On December 20, 2004, Mr. Art Malone Jr., CEO and President of Secured Data,
Inc. ("SCRE"), sold 7,229,601 shares of SCRE, which represented approximately
56.18% of the total outstanding stock of SCRE, to two individuals and resigned
from all of his officer capacities, including CEO, President and CFO. Mr. Xinwen
Hou was appointed as an additional member of the Board of Directors along with
Mr. Malone. Immediately thereafter, SCRE entered an Agreement and Plan of
Reorganization (the "Agreement") by which it initially purchased 30% of the
common shares of NBTI in exchange for 80,735,590 shares of SCRE's common stock,
and agreed to purchase the remaining 70% of NBTI's common shares in exchange for
a promissory note convertible into 10,465,725 (post a one for eighteen reverse
split) shares of SCRE's common stock.

Furthermore, The Board of Directors, effective upon Mr. Malone's resignation on
December 20, 2004, appointed Mr. Jing An Wang as Chief Executive Officer and
President, Mr. San Ding Tao as Chief Financial Officer, and Xinwen Hou as
Secretary. Jing An Wang, San Ding Tao and Jun Qi Zhang were appointed as
additional members of the SCRE's Board of Directors, subject to the 10-day
period after the filing of an Information Statement pursuant to Rule 14f-1
promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.


"Safe-Harbor" Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995 This press release may contain forward-looking information within the
meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange Act"), including statements regarding potential sales, the success of
the company's business, as well as statements that include the word "believe" or
similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results,
performance or achievements of Secured Data, Inc. to differ materially from
those implied or expressed by such forward-looking statements. This press
release speaks as of the date first set forth above and Secured Data, Inc.
assumes no responsibility to update the information included herein for events
occurring after the date hereof. Actual results could differ materially from
those anticipated due to factors such as the lack of capital, timely development
of products, inability to deliver products when ordered, inability of potential
customers to pay for ordered products, and political and economic risks inherent
in international trade.


                                       48

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
