
                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549

                                   FORM 8-K

                                CURRENT REPORT
                    PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                        SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


      Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):  December 22, 2004


                            TRYCERA FINANCIAL, INC.
              (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)


NEVADA                             000-30872           33-0910363
(State or Other Jurisdiction       (Commission         (IRS Employer
of Incorporation)                  File Number)        Identification No.)


170 Newport Center Drive, Suite 210, Newport Beach, CA      92660
(Address of Principal Executive Offices)                    (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (949) 273-4300

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of
the following provisions:

     [ ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

     [ ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

     [ ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
          Exchange Act

     [ ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
          Exchange Act

<PAGE>

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

     On December 15, 2004, the Company issued 282,302 shares to Trymetris
Capital Fund I, LLC in the conversion of an outstanding $200,000 debenture
held by the fund.  These shares were issued without registration under the
Securities Act by reason of the exemption from registration afforded by the
provisions of Section 4(6) and/or Section 4(2) thereof, and Rule 506
promulgated thereunder, as a transaction by an issuer not involving any public
offering.  The fund represented that it was an accredited investor as defined
in Rule 501 of Regulation D at the time of the issuance.  The fund delivered
appropriate investment representations with respect to this issuance and
consented to the imposition of restrictive legends upon the stock certificates
representing the shares.  The fund represented that it had not entered into
the transaction with the Company as a result of or subsequent to any
advertisement, article, notice, or other communication published in any
newspaper, magazine, or similar media or broadcast on television or radio, or
presented at any seminar or meeting.  The fund represented that it had been
afforded the opportunity to ask questions of management of the Company and to
receive answers concerning the terms and conditions of the stock issuance.  No
underwriting discounts or commissions were paid in connection with the
transaction.

     On December 22, 2004, the Company issued 25,000 shares to Kim Miller in
connection with her employment by the Company.  These shares were issued
without registration under the Securities Act by reason of the exemption from
registration afforded by the provisions of Section 4(6) and/or Section 4(2)
thereof, and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, as a transaction by an issuer
not involving any public offering.  Ms. Miller represented that she was an
accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D at the time of the
issuance.  She delivered appropriate investment representations with respect
to this issuance and consented to the imposition of restrictive legends upon
the stock certificates representing the shares.  Ms. Miller represented that
she had not entered into the transaction with the Company as a result of or
subsequent to any advertisement, article, notice, or other communication
published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or broadcast on
television or radio, or presented at any seminar or meeting.  She represented
that she had been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of management of
the Company and to receive answers concerning the terms and conditions of the
stock issuance.  No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid in
connection with the transaction.

                                  SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                        Trycera Financial, Inc.

Date:  December 23, 2004                By /s/ Matthew S. Kerper
                                           Matthew S. Kerper, President

