-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 KUjVzPGkVc3J4dGuD9Jvzy1ks4gdxnxd68D/Ul4fjM03KSg6EKcrWgmg4HTrik5B
 IWWUDHGPa0/+V7EYSSTKyg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950172-04-003152.txt : 20041230
<SEC-HEADER>0000950172-04-003152.hdr.sgml : 20041230
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041230170620
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950172-04-003152
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041230
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041230
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041230

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALAMOSA HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001120102
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				752843707
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16793
		FILM NUMBER:		041234690

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5225 S LOOP 289
		CITY:			LUBBOCK
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79424
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8067221100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5225 S LOOP 289
		CITY:			LUBBOCK
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79424
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>nyc955349.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>

                                 UNITED STATES
                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, DC 20549

                               _________________


                                   FORM 8-K


                                CURRENT REPORT
                    Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                        Securities Exchange Act of 1934

      Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): December 30, 2004


                            Alamosa Holdings, Inc.
         ------------------------------------------------------------
              (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)


         Delaware                      000-32357                75-2890997
- ----------------------------     ------------------------   -------------------
(State or Other Jurisdiction     (Commission File Number)   (I.R.S. Employer
     of Incorporation)                                      Identification No.)


                   5225 S. Loop 289, Lubbock, Texas,    79424
     --------------------------------------------------------------------
              (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)


      Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (806) 722-1100
                                                          ---------------


                                Not Applicable
   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
         (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)


Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of
the following provisions:


|_|  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
     CFR 230.425)

|_|  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
     CFR 240.14a-12)

|_|  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

|_|  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


<PAGE>



Item 1.01 Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement.
- ----------------------------------------------------

On December 27, 2004, Alamosa Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Alamosa"), entered into an employment agreement with David E. Sharbutt (the
"Sharbutt Agreement") that provides for the continuation of Mr. Sharbutt's
employment as Chief Executive Officer of Alamosa and replaces Mr. Sharbutt's
existing employment agreement.

The term of Mr. Sharbutt's employment under the Sharbutt Agreement is from
January 1, 2005 to December 31, 2007, unless otherwise extended. Under the
Sharbutt Agreement, Mr. Sharbutt will receive an initial base salary of
$425,000, and will be eligible to receive an annual bonus with an initial
target of $340,000. In addition, on the first business day of January of each
year, Alamosa's Compensation Committee will grant Mr. Sharbutt the following
options, with a per share exercise price equal to the fair market value (as
defined in Alamosa's Amended and Restated 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan) of a
share of Alamosa common stock on the date of such grant: 80,000 options in
2005, 64,000 options in 2006 and 51,200 options in 2007. The form of Executive
Stock Option Agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.3 and is incorporated herein
by reference. The Compensation Committee will also grant Mr. Sharbutt the
following shares of restricted stock in accordance with Alamosa's Amended and
Restated 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan: 60,000 shares in 2005, 48,000 shares
in 2006 and 38,400 shares in 2007. The form of Restricted Stock Agreement is
attached as Exhibit 10.4 and is incorporated herein by reference.

If Mr. Sharbutt's employment is terminated by Alamosa at any time for cause,
as such term is defined in the Sharbutt Agreement, Mr. Sharbutt will be
entitled to: (i) his base salary through the date of termination; (ii) payment
in lieu of any unused vacation; (iii) any earned annual bonus not yet paid;
(iv) any deferred compensation under any deferred compensation agreement or
plan then in effect; (v) certain other compensation already vested; and (vi)
reimbursal of certain expenses. If Mr. Sharbutt's employment terminates due to
his death or disability, in addition to the above mentioned compensation, Mr.
Sharbutt will also be entitled to his base salary, at the rate in effect on
the date of termination, through the end of the month in which the termination
occurs, and a prorated annual bonus.

If Mr. Sharbutt terminates his employment for good reason, as such term is
defined in the Sharbutt Agreement, or Mr. Sharbutt's employment is terminated
by Alamosa without cause, Mr. Sharbutt will be entitled to, in addition to the
benefits he would receive for termination for cause: (i) an amount equal to
his base salary at the rate in effect immediately before such termination (or
three times his base salary if his employment is terminated within twelve
months following a change in control of Alamosa, as such term is defined in
the Sharbutt Agreement); (ii) the higher of his target annual bonus or average
annual bonus earned over the preceding two fiscal years (or, three times such
amount if the employment is terminated within twelve months following a change
in control); (iii) a prorated amount of his annual bonus for the year during
which the termination occurs of at least the product of (x) the annual bonus
paid for the calendar year preceding the date of termination and (y) the
fraction of the calendar year of the termination worked by Mr. Sharbutt; and
(iv) certain other continuing benefits.

The Sharbutt Agreement also contains provisions requiring Mr. Sharbutt to not
compete with Alamosa or solicit Alamosa's employees, customers or clients for
a period of one year following termination, or for a period of two years if
his employment is terminated within twelve months following a change in
control of Alamosa, and a confidentiality provision.

A copy of the Sharbutt Agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.1 and is
incorporated herein by reference. The description of the Sharbutt Agreement
set forth above is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Sharbutt
Agreement.

On December 27, 2004, Alamosa also entered into an employment agreement with
Kendall Cowan (the "Cowan Agreement") that provides for the continuation of
Mr. Cowan's employment as Chief Financial Officer of Alamosa and replaces Mr.
Cowan's existing employment agreement.

The term of Mr. Cowan's employment under the Cowan Agreement is from January
1, 2005 to December 31, 2006, unless otherwise extended. Under the Cowan
Agreement, Mr. Cowan will receive an initial base salary of $400,000, and will
be eligible to receive an annual bonus with an initial target of $280,000. In
addition, on the first business day of January of each year, Alamosa's
Compensation Committee will grant Mr. Cowan the following options, with a per
share exercise price equal to the fair market value (as defined in Alamosa's
Amended and Restated 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan) of a share of Alamosa
common stock on the date of such grant: 50,000 options in 2005 and 40,000
options in 2006. The form of Executive Stock Option Agreement is attached as
Exhibit 10.3 and is incorporated herein by reference. The Compensation
Committee will also grant Mr. Cowan the following shares of restricted stock
in accordance with Alamosa's Amended and Restated 1999 Long Term Incentive
Plan: 50,000 shares in 2005 and 40,000 shares in 2006. The form of Restricted
Stock Agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.4 and is incorporated herein by
reference.


If Mr. Cowan's employment is terminated by Alamosa at any time for cause, as
such term is defined in the Cowan Agreement, Mr. Cowan will be entitled to:
(i) his base salary through the date of termination; (ii) payment in lieu of
any unused vacation; (iii) any earned annual bonus not yet paid; (iv) any
deferred compensation under any deferred compensation agreement or plan then
in effect; (v) certain other compensation already vested; and (vi) reimbursal
of certain expenses. If Mr. Cowan's employment terminates due to his death or
disability, in addition to the above mentioned compensation, Mr. Cowan will
also be entitled to his base salary, at the rate in effect on the date of
termination, through the end of the month in which the termination occurs, and
a prorated annual bonus.

If Mr. Cowan terminates his employment for good reason, as such term is
defined in the Cowan Agreement, or Mr. Cowan's employment is terminated by
Alamosa without cause, Mr. Cowan will be entitled to, in addition to the
benefits he would receive for termination for cause: (i) an amount equal to
his base salary at the rate in effect immediately before such termination (or
three times his base salary if his employment is terminated within twelve
months following a change in control of Alamosa, as such term is defined in
the Cowan Agreement); (ii) the higher of his target annual bonus or average
annual bonus earned over the preceding two fiscal years (or, three times such
amount if the employment is terminated within twelve months following a change
in control); (iii) a prorated amount of his annual bonus for the year during
which the termination occurs of at least the product of (x) the annual bonus
paid for the calendar year preceding the date of termination and (y) the
fraction of the calendar year of the termination worked by Mr. Cowan; and (iv)
certain other continuing benefits.

The Cowan Agreement also contains provisions requiring Mr. Cowan to not
compete with Alamosa or solicit Alamosa's employees, customers or clients for
a period of one year following termination, or for a period of two years if
his employment is terminated within twelve months following a change in
control of Alamosa, and a confidentiality provision.

A copy of the Cowan Agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.2 and is incorporated
herein by reference. The description of the Cowan Agreement set forth above is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the Cowan Agreement.


Item 9.01  Financial Statements and Exhibits.
- ---------------------------------------------

     (c)  Exhibits.


Exhibit
Number                Description
- -------               -----------

Exhibit 10.1          Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2005, by
                      and between Alamosa and David E. Sharbutt

Exhibit 10.2          Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2005, by
                      and between Alamosa and Kendall Cowan

Exhibit 10.3          Form of Executive Stock Option Agreement under Alamosa's
                      Amended and Restated 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan

Exhibit 10.4          Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under Alamosa's
                      Amended and Restated 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan


<PAGE>


                                  SIGNATURES


         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


Date:   December 30, 2004


                                               ALAMOSA HOLDINGS, INC.


                                               By: /s/ Kendall W. Cowan
                                                   ---------------------------
                                                   Kendall W. Cowan
                                                   Chief Financial Officer


<PAGE>


                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit
Number                Description
- -------               -----------

Exhibit 10.1          Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2005, by
                      and between Alamosa and David E. Sharbutt

Exhibit 10.2          Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2005, by
                      and between Alamosa and Kendall Cowan

Exhibit 10.3          Form of Executive Stock Option Agreement under Alamosa's
                      Amended and Restated 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan

Exhibit 10.4          Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under Alamosa's
                      Amended and Restated 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ala10_1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1 - EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                  Exhibit 10.1



                             EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), made and entered into
as of January 1, 2005, between Alamosa Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
with its principal office located at 5225 S. Loop 289, Lubbock, TX (together
with its successors and assigns permitted under this Agreement) ("Alamosa"),
and David E. Sharbutt ("Employee").

                             W I T N E S S E T H:

         WHEREAS, Alamosa and Employee entered into that certain Employment
Agreement effective as of October 1, 1999 (the "Original Agreement");

         WHEREAS, Alamosa and Employee entered into that certain Employment
Agreement effective as of October 1, 2002 (the "Amended and Restated
Agreement");

         WHEREAS, Alamosa and Employee entered into an Amendment No. 1 to the
Original Agreement effective as of January 1, 2004 (the "Amendment No. 1").

         WHEREAS, Alamosa has determined that it is in the best interests of
Alamosa and its stockholders to enter into this Agreement amending and
restating the obligations and duties of both Alamosa and Employee under the
Original Agreement and any amendments thereto; and

         WHEREAS, Alamosa wishes to assure itself of the continued service of
Employee for the period hereinafter provided, and Employee is willing to be
employed by Alamosa for said period, upon the terms and conditions provided in
this Agreement;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants
contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of
which is mutually acknowledged, Alamosa and Employee (individually a "Party"
and together the "Parties") agree as follows:

1.       DEFINITIONS.

         (a) "Affiliate" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2
promulgated under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.

         (b) "Base Salary" shall mean the annual salary provided for in
Section 3 below, as adjusted from time to time by the Board.

         (c) "Beneficial Owner" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3
under the Exchange Act.

         (d) "Beneficiary" shall mean the person or persons named by Employee
pursuant to Section 22 below or, in the event that no such person is named and
survives Employee, his estate.

         (e) "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of Alamosa.

         (f) "Cause" shall mean:

                  (i) Employee's conviction in a court of law of, or guilty
         plea or no contest plea to, a felony charge,

                  (ii) willful, substantial and continued failure by Employee
         to perform his duties under this Agreement,

                  (iii) willful engagement by Employee in conduct that is
         demonstrably and materially injurious to Alamosa,

                  (iv) a breach by Employee of Section 11 or Section 12 below.
         For the purposes of clauses (ii) and (iii) of this definition, no act
         or failure to act on the part of Employee shall be deemed "willful"
         (x) if caused by Disability or (y) unless done, or omitted to be
         done, by him not in good faith or without reasonable belief that his
         act or omission was in the best interests of Alamosa.

         (g) "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred if the event
set forth in any one of the following paragraphs shall have occurred:

         (i)      any Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or
                  indirectly, of securities of Alamosa (not including in the
                  securities beneficially owned by such Person any securities
                  acquired directly from Alamosa or its Affiliates)
                  representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of
                  Alamosa's then outstanding securities, excluding any Person
                  who becomes such a Beneficial Owner in connection with a
                  transaction described in clause (A) of paragraph (iii)
                  below; or

         (ii)     the following individuals cease for any reason to constitute
                  a majority of the number of directors then serving:
                  individuals who, on the date hereof, constitute the Board
                  and any new director (other than a director whose initial
                  assumption of office is in connection with an actual or
                  threatened election contest, including but not limited to a
                  consent solicitation, relating to the election of directors
                  of Alamosa) whose appointment or election by the Board or
                  nomination for election by Alamosa's stockholders was
                  approved or recommended by a vote of at least two-thirds
                  (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were
                  directors on the date hereof or whose appointment, election
                  or nomination for election was previously so approved or
                  recommended; or

         (iii)    there is consummated a merger or consolidation of Alamosa or
                  any direct or indirect subsidiary of Alamosa with any other
                  corporation or other entity, other than (A) a merger or
                  consolidation (1) which results in the voting securities of
                  Alamosa outstanding immediately prior to such merger or
                  consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining
                  outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of
                  the surviving entity or any parent thereof) at least 60% of
                  the combined voting power of the securities of Alamosa or
                  such surviving entity or any parent thereof outstanding
                  immediately after such merger or consolidation and (2) after
                  which the individuals who comprise the Board immediately
                  prior thereto constitute at least a majority of the board of
                  directors of Alamosa, the entity surviving such merger or
                  consolidation or, if Alamosa or the entity surviving such
                  merger is then a subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof, or
                  (B) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a
                  recapitalization of Alamosa (or similar transaction) in
                  which no Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly
                  or indirectly, of securities of Alamosa (not including in
                  the securities Beneficially Owned by such Person any
                  securities acquired directly from Alamosa or its Affiliates)
                  representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of
                  Alamosa 's then outstanding securities; or

         (iv)     the stockholders of Alamosa approve a plan of complete
                  liquidation or dissolution of Alamosa or there is
                  consummated an agreement for the sale or disposition by
                  Alamosa of all or substantially all of Alamosa 's assets,
                  other than a sale or disposition by Alamosa of all or
                  substantially all of Alamosa's assets immediately following
                  which the individuals who comprise the Board immediately
                  prior thereto constitute at least a majority of the board of
                  directors of the entity to which such assets are sold or
                  disposed or any parent thereof.

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, a "Change of Control" shall not be
deemed to have occurred by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or
series of integrated transactions immediately following which the record
holders of the common stock of Alamosa immediately prior to such transaction
or series of transactions continue to have substantially the same
proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of
the assets of Alamosa immediately following such transaction or series of
transactions.

         (h) "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as from time
to time amended.

         (i) "Committee" shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board.

         (j) "Date of Termination" shall mean, with respect to any purported
termination of Employee's employment during the Term, (i) if Employee's
employment terminates due to Disability, 30 days after a good faith
determination of Disability by Alamosa (provided that Employee shall not have
returned to full-time performance of his duties during such 30-day period),
(ii) if Employee's employment terminates due to death, the date of death, and
(iii) if Employee's employment terminates for any other reason, the date
specified in the Notice of Termination (which shall be not less than 30 days
after the date of such Notice of Termination).

         (k) "Disability" shall have the meaning set forth in Alamosa's
long-term disability policy as in effect from time to time.

         (l) "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

         (m) "Excise Tax" shall mean any excise tax imposed under Section 4999
of the Code.

         (n) "Good Reason" shall mean the occurrence (without Employee's
express written consent) of any one of the following acts or omissions by
Alamosa unless, in the case of any act or omission described in this Section
1(n), such act or omission is corrected prior to the Date of Termination
specified in the Notice of Termination in respect thereof:

                  (i) the assignment to Employee of any duties inconsistent
         with Employee's status as the chief executive officer of Alamosa or a
         substantial adverse alteration in the nature of Employee's authority,
         duties or responsibilities, or any other action by Alamosa which
         results in a diminution in such status, authority, duties or
         responsibilities (it being understood that a mere change in
         authority, duties or responsibilities, or any other action by Alamosa
         will not constitute Good Reason in and of itself unless it results in
         a substantial adverse alteration or diminution of Employee's
         authority, duties or responsibilities), excluding for this purpose an
         isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith
         and which is remedied by Alamosa promptly after receipt of notice
         thereof given by Employee;

                  (ii) subject to its obligations to stockholders, the failure
         by Alamosa to ensure Employee's continued service as a member of the
         Board and the Chairman thereof;

                  (iii) a reduction by Alamosa in Employee's base salary
         and/or annual bonus opportunity as in effect on the date hereof or as
         the same may be increased from time to time, except for
         across-the-board reductions similarly affecting all senior executives
         of Alamosa;

                  (iv) the failure by Alamosa to pay to Employee any portion
         of Employee's current compensation except pursuant to an
         across-the-board compensation deferral similarly affecting all senior
         executives of Alamosa;

                  (v) the failure by Alamosa to continue to provide Employee
         with benefits substantially similar to those enjoyed by Employee
         under any of Alamosa's savings/retirement, life insurance, medical,
         health and accident, disability plans or other benefits (including,
         without limitation, automobile, country club, and vacation benefits)
         in which Employee was participating at the time, the taking of any
         action by Alamosa which would directly or indirectly materially
         reduce any of such benefits or deprive Employee of any material
         fringe benefit enjoyed by Employee at the time, (including, without
         limitation, automobile, country club, and vacation benefits);

                  (vi) the relocation of Alamosa's principal offices to a
         location more than 50 miles from the location of such offices on the
         date of this Agreement or a requirement that Employee be based
         anywhere other than at Alamosa's principal offices except for
         necessary travel on Alamosa's business to an extent substantially
         consistent with Employee's business travel obligations on the date of
         this Agreement;

                  (vii) the failure by Alamosa to ensure that Employee will be
         employed by the ultimate parent of Alamosa in the event of any
         corporate transaction; or

                  (viii) any determination by Employee after the occurrence of
         a Change of Control that Good Reason exists (which determination
         shall be final and conclusive).

         (o) "LSAR" means Employee's right to receive a cash payment in
respect of the mandatory cancellation of an option equal to the product of (1)
the excess, if any, of the then fair market value (as determined under the
LTIP) of a share of Alamosa common stock over the per share exercise price of
the option and (2) the number of shares of stock subject to the option.

         (p) "LTIP" means Alamosa's Amended and Restated 1999 Long Term
Incentive Plan, or any successor plan thereto, or any amendment thereof.

         (q) "Notice of Termination" shall mean delivery of written notice by
one Party and receipt thereof by the other Party in accordance with Section 26
below, which notice shall indicate the specific termination provision in this
Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and
circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Employee's
employment hereunder.

         (r) "Person" shall have the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the
Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, except
that such term shall not include (i) Alamosa or any of its subsidiaries, (ii)
a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan
of Alamosa or any of its Affiliates, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding
securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (iv) a corporation
owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of Alamosa in substantially
the same proportions as their ownership of stock of Alamosa.

         (s) "Severance Payments" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
9(d)(ii) below.

         (t) "Tax Counsel" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10
below.

         (u) "Term" shall mean the period specified in Section 2(b) below
during which Employee is employed by Alamosa or any of its Affiliates.

         (v) "Total Payments" shall mean those payments so described in
Section 10 below.

2.       TERM OF EMPLOYMENT, POSITIONS AND DUTIES.

         (a) Employment of Employee. Alamosa hereby employs Employee, and
Employee hereby accepts employment with Alamosa, in the position and with the
duties and responsibilities set forth below and upon such other terms and
conditions as are hereinafter stated.

         (b) Term of Employment. The Term shall commence on the date of this
Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2007, unless it is sooner
terminated as provided in Section 9 below or extended by agreement of the
Parties.

         (c) Title, Duties and Authorities.

                  (i) Until termination of his employment hereunder, Employee
         shall be employed as Chief Executive Officer of Alamosa, reporting to
         the Board, with all the authorities and responsibilities that
         normally accrue to such position of chief executive officer, and
         shall hold such other titles as the Board may grant. Employee shall
         receive no additional compensation for serving in any other capacity,
         such as Chairman of the Board or any similar position.

                  (ii) So long as Employee remains on Alamosa' Board, during
         the Term Alamosa shall ensure Employee continues as Chairman of the
         Board.

         (d) Time and Effort.

                  (i) Employee agrees to devote his best efforts and abilities
         and his full business time and attention to the affairs of Alamosa in
         order to carry out his duties and responsibilities under this
         Agreement.

                  (ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing shall preclude
         Employee from

                         (A) serving on the boards of (x) a reasonable number
                  of trade associations and charitable organizations, and (y)
                  (as defined below) with the prior consent of the Board
                  (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), any other
                  business not in Competition with Alamosa,

                         (B) engaging in charitable activities and community
                  affairs, and

                         (C) managing his personal investments and affairs;
                  provided, however, that any such activities do not
                  materially interfere with the proper performance of his
                  duties and responsibilities specified in Section 2(c) above.

3.       BASE SALARY.

         Employee shall receive from Alamosa an initial Base Salary, payable
in accordance with the regular payroll practices of Alamosa, of $425,000.
During the Term, the Board shall review the Base Salary for increase no less
often than annually.

4.       ANNUAL BONUS.

         Employee shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus, which shall
have an initial target of $340,000. Payment of the annual bonus (which may, in
the Committee's discretion, be paid in whole or in part on a quarterly basis)
shall be based upon the achievement of such performance goals as the Committee
shall determine based on Alamosa's budget and business plan. No annual bonus
will be payable unless the Committee determines that at least 75% of the
performance goals have been achieved. The amount of the annual bonus payable
shall be determined in accordance with the terms of the applicable Alamosa
bonus plan, but in no case shall exceed 200% of the target for the annual
bonus.

5.       LONG-TERM INCENTIVE COMPENSATION.

         During the Term, Employee shall participate in any long-term
incentive plan or plans that may be established by Alamosa for members of
Alamosa's senior management generally.

6.       EQUITY GRANTS.

         (a) Annual Option Grants. On the first business day of January of
each year, the Committee shall grant Employee options according to the
following schedule: 2005 - 80,000 options, 2006 - 64,000 options and 2007 -
51,200 options (each an "Option"). With respect to each Option, three percent
(3%) of the total number of shares subject to such Option shall become vested
and fully exercisable each month following the date of the grant of such
Option. All shares subject to each Option will vest and become vested and
exercisable if Employee's employment terminates pursuant to Section 9(d)
below. Each Option shall have a per share exercise price equal to the fair
market value (as defined in the LTIP) of a share of Alamosa common stock on
the date of grant.

         (b) Incentive Stock Options. All stock options to be granted to
Employee hereunder shall, to the maximum extent permitted by Section 422 of
the Code, be intended to qualify as "incentive stock options."

         (c) Employment Required; Other Option Terms. In order to receive any
option grant pursuant to this Section 6, Employee must be employed by Alamosa
or one of its Affiliates on the date of grant and any option granted pursuant
to this Section 6 shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the form of
Alamosa Executive Stock Option Agreement under the LTIP to the extent such
agreement is not inconsistent with this Section 6. In addition, except as
otherwise provided herein or in the Executive Stock Option Agreement, option
vesting will be subject to Employee's continued employment hereunder.

         (d) Restricted Stock Grant. On the first business date of January of
each year, the Committee shall grant (subject to the terms of the LTIP and the
specific terms of a restricted stock agreement substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A) Employee shares of restricted stock pursuant to
the following schedule: 2005- 60,000 shares; 2006 - 48,000 shares; and 2007 -
38,400 shares.

         (e) LSAR Conversion. Employee acknowledges that immediately prior to
the occurrence of a "change in ownership or control" (as defined in Prop Reg
1.280G-1) of Alamosa, each stock option that has been granted to him pursuant
to this Section 6 that had not yet become vested and exercisable shall
automatically convert into an LSAR.

7.       EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENT.

         Employee shall be entitled to prompt reimbursement by Alamosa for all
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by him during the Term in
performing services under this Agreement, upon his submission of such accounts
and records as may be reasonably required by Alamosa.

8.       EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS AND PERQUISITES.

         During the Term, Employee shall be entitled to participate in all
life insurance, short-term and long-term disability, accident, health
insurance and savings/retirement plans that are applicable to Alamosa
employees generally or to the senior executives of Alamosa. Alamosa will also
reimburse Employee for the cost of the Employee's annual physical exams
performed during the Term by a physician chosen by Employee. The cost of each
such exam (including of any tests performed in connection with the physical)
shall not exceed $5,000.

         In addition, Alamosa will provide at least $5,000,000 term life
insurance on the life of Employee during the Term. Alamosa shall pay for all
costs attributable to such coverage. Such life insurance shall be at least ten
(10) year level premium term life insurance on the life of Employee. Employee
shall have the right to designate the beneficiary of such policy or policies.
Should Employee not be insurable, there will be no obligation upon Alamosa to
provide such life insurance. If Employee's employment terminates during the
Term of this Agreement or at the termination of Employee's employment pursuant
to this Agreement, Employee may assume the premium obligations of this policy
after termination of any continuing coverage provided under Section
9(d)(ii)(D), in which event Alamosa shall assign all its rights in the policy
to Employee. In the event Employee desires to assume the premium obligations
under this policy and at the time of Employee's termination of employment, or
end of any continuing coverage under Section 9(d)(ii)(D) if later, Alamosa has
prepaid any premiums on the policy, Employee shall pay to Alamosa the amount
of any prepayment attributable to any period of coverage after Employee's
termination of employment, or if later, after the continued coverage period
required under Section 9(d)(ii)(D) has elapsed.

         Alamosa will reimburse Employee for the cost of professional services
in the area of financial planning, estate planning and tax planning that are
incurred during the Term up to an aggregate maximum of $10,000 per annum.
During the Term, Employee shall be entitled to receive a car allowance and
reimbursement for club dues and other perquisites consistent with the
Executive Benefit Policy approved by the Committee.

9.       TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT.

         (a) General. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the
event of termination of Employee's employment under this Agreement for any
reason whatsoever, he, his dependents or Beneficiary, as may be the case,
shall be entitled to receive (in addition to payments and benefits under, and
except as specifically provided in, subsections (b) through (e) below as
applicable):

                  (i) his Base Salary through the Date of Termination;

                  (ii) payment in lieu of any unused vacation, in accordance
         with Alamosa's vacation policy and applicable laws:

                  (iii) any earned annual bonus not yet paid to him;

                  (iv) any deferred compensation under any deferred
         compensation agreement or plan then in effect;

                  (v) any other compensation or benefits, including without
         limitation long-term incentive compensation described in Section 5
         above, in accordance with Section 6 above and employee benefits under
         plans described in Section 8 above, that have vested through the Date
         of Termination or to which he may then be entitled in accordance with
         the applicable terms of each award or plan; and

                  (vi) reimbursement in accordance with Section 7 above of any
         business expenses incurred by Employee through the Date of
         Termination but not yet paid to him and reimbursement of any unpaid
         expenses incurred pursuant to Section 8 above.

         (b) Termination due to Death or Disability. In the event that
Employee's employment terminates due to his death or disability, he or his
Beneficiary, as the case may be, shall be entitled, in addition to the
compensation and benefits specified in Section 9(a), to:

                  (i) his Base Salary, at the rate in effect on the Date of
         Termination, through the end of the month in which the termination
         occurs, and

                  (ii) an annual bonus under Alamosa's annual bonus plan. Such
         annual bonus shall be prorated to the Date of Termination and shall
         be paid based on the Board's determination (which shall be made in
         the Board's sole and absolute discretion) of what annual bonus
         Employee would likely have received in respect of the year in which
         the termination occurred.

         (c) Termination by Alamosa for Cause. In the event that Alamosa
terminates Employee's employment for Cause, he shall be entitled only to the
compensation and benefits specified in Section 9(a).

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, termination for Cause may not occur
pursuant to clauses (ii) or (iii) of Section 1(g) above unless and until, with
the Board's prior approval, Alamosa has delivered to Employee Notice of
Termination, which shall contain in reasonable detail the facts purporting to
constitute such nonperformance, act, omission or breach, and afforded him 30
days thereafter to cure the same (if curable) and/or to respond in writing to
the Board setting forth his position that his termination for Cause should not
occur and requesting reconsideration by the Board, in which event (x) the
effective date of termination of employment shall be deferred until the Board
has had the opportunity to consider whether such nonperformance, act, omission
or breach has been cured and to consider any request by Employee for
reconsideration, and (y) the Board shall thereafter cause a written notice to
be delivered on its behalf to Employee stating either that it has rescinded
its determination that his employment is to be terminated for Cause or that
affirms its determination that his employment is to be terminated for Cause
and that contains an effective date of termination of employment, which shall
be not earlier than 15 days after such notice is given. Section 1(n)(i) to the
contrary notwithstanding, upon delivery to Employee of Notice of Termination
under this Section 9(c), Employee shall be suspended from all duties and
responsibilities unless and until the Board rescinds its determination that
his employment is to be terminated for Cause.

         (d) Termination by Alamosa Without Cause or by Employee for Good
Reason.

                  (i) Alamosa shall provide Employee 30 days' Notice of
         Termination of his employment without Cause, and Employee shall
         provide 30 days' Notice of Termination of his employment for Good
         Reason.

                  (ii) In the event of termination by Alamosa of Employee's
         employment without Cause or of termination by Employee of his
         employment for Good Reason, he shall be entitled, in addition to the
         compensation and benefits specified in Section 9(a), to the following
         compensation and benefits (the "Severance Payments"):

                         (A) his Base Salary, at the rate in effect
                  immediately before such termination (three times his Base
                  Salary if the Employee's employment terminates within twelve
                  months following a Change in Control),

                         (B) the higher of the Employee's target annual bonus
                  or average annual bonus earned over the two preceding fiscal
                  years (three times such amount if the Employee's employment
                  terminates within twelve months following a Change in
                  Control),

                         (C) a prorated amount of Employee's annual bonus for
                  the year during which his termination occurs, which bonus
                  shall not be less than the product of (A) the annual bonus
                  paid to Employee for the calendar year preceding the Date of
                  Termination that has most recently been paid to Employee and
                  (B) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days
                  in the current calendar year through the Date of Termination
                  and the denominator of which is 365;

                         (D) continuing coverage under the life, disability,
                  accident and health insurance programs for Alamosa employees
                  generally and under any supplemental programs covering
                  Alamosa executives, as from time to time in effect, for a
                  one-year period from such termination or until Employee
                  becomes eligible for substantially similar coverage under
                  the employee welfare plans of a new employer, whichever
                  occurs earlier (for a two year period if the Employee's
                  employment terminates within twelve months following a
                  Change in Control) (at the end of the foregoing coverage
                  period, Employee shall also be entitled to elect coverage
                  under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of
                  1985 ); and

                         (E) continuation of all other benefits in effect on
                  the Date of Termination (including, without limitation,
                  automobile, country club, vacation and pension benefits, if
                  applicable) for a one-year period (a two year period if the
                  Employee's employment terminates within twelve months
                  following a Change in Control) following such termination or
                  until Employee becomes eligible for substantially similar
                  benefits from a new employer, whichever occurs earlier.

                  (iii) The payments specified in Sections 9(d)(ii)(A), (B)
         and (C) shall be made by Alamosa to Employee in a lump sum in cash
         within 30 days of the Date of Termination.

                  (iv) Employee's right to terminate his employment for Good
         Reason shall not be affected by his incapacity due to physical or
         mental illness. Employee's continued employment shall not constitute
         consent to, or a waiver of rights with respect to, any act or
         omission constituting Good Reason.

                  (v) As a condition to receiving the payments and benefits
         pursuant to this Section 9(d), Employee shall be required to execute
         (and not revoke) a general release of all claims against Alamosa and
         its Affiliates. Such release shall be in a form substantially similar
         to that attached as Exhibit B hereto.

         (e) Voluntary Termination by Employee. Employee shall have the right
voluntarily to terminate his employment in accordance with Section 1(j) above.
If he does so, he shall be entitled only to the compensation and benefits
specified in Section 9(a).

         (f) Cessation of Payments. If, during or after the Term, Employee
commits a breach of Section 11 or Section 12 below, Alamosa shall have no
further obligation to make payments to him under this Agreement except as may
be required in accordance with Section 9(a).

         (g) Resignation from Board. In the event of termination of Employee's
employment under this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, Employee agrees
that he will resign from his service as a member of the Board and Chairman
thereof effective as of his Date of Termination.

         (h) Notice Requirements. Any purported termination of Employee's
employment that is not effected pursuant to Notice of Termination satisfying
the requirements of Sections 1(j) and 1(q) and Section 26 shall not be
effective for purposes of this Agreement.

10.      280G TREATMENT.

         (a) Whether or not Employee becomes entitled to any payments pursuant
to Section 9(d) hereof, if any of the payments or benefits received or to be
received by Employee (whether pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any
other plan, arrangement or agreement with the Company, any Person whose
actions result in a Change of Control or any Person affiliated with Alamosa or
such Person) (all such payments and benefits, excluding the Gross-Up Payment,
being hereinafter referred to as the "Total Payments") will be subject to the
Excise Tax, Alamosa shall pay to Employee an additional amount (the "Gross-Up
Payment") such that the net amount retained by Employee, after deduction of
any Excise Tax on the Total Payments and any federal, state and local income
and employment taxes and Excise Tax upon the Gross-Up Payment, shall be equal
to the Total Payments. The Gross-Up Payment shall be paid to Employee by
Alamosa within two business days of the day of its calculation.

         (b) For purposes of determining whether any of the Total Payments
will be subject to the Excise Tax and the amount of such Excise Tax, (i) all
of the Total Payments shall be treated as "parachute payments" (within the
meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) unless, in the opinion of tax
counsel ("Tax Counsel") reasonably acceptable to Employee, such payments or
benefits (in whole or in part) do not constitute parachute payments, including
by reason of Section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code, (ii) all "excess parachute
payments" within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(l) of the Code shall be
treated as subject to the Excise Tax unless, in the opinion of Tax Counsel,
such excess parachute payments (in whole or in part) represent reasonable
compensation for services actually rendered (within the meaning of Section
280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code) in excess of the base amount (as defined in Section
280G(b)(3) of the Code) allocable to such reasonable compensation, or are
otherwise not subject to the Excise Tax, and (iii) the value of any noncash
benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall be determined in accordance
with the principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code. For purposes
of determining the amount of the Gross-Up Payment, Employee shall be deemed to
pay federal income tax at the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation
in the calendar year in which the Gross-Up Payment is to be made and state and
local income taxes at the highest marginal rate of taxation in the state and
locality of Employee's residence on the date Employee's employment hereunder
terminates (or if there is no such termination, then the date on which the
Gross-Up Payment is calculated for purposes of this Section 10), net of the
maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from
deduction of such state and local taxes.

         (c) In the event that the Excise Tax is finally determined to be less
than the amount taken into account hereunder in calculating the Gross-Up
Payment, Employee shall repay to Alamosa, within five (5) business days
following the time that the amount of such reduction in the Excise Tax is
finally determined, the portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to such
reduction plus that portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to the Excise
Tax and federal, state and local income and employment taxes imposed on the
Gross-Up Payment being repaid by Employee, to the extent that such repayment
results in a reduction in the Excise Tax and a dollar-for-dollar reduction in
Employee's taxable income and wages for purposes of federal, state and local
income and employment taxes, plus interest on the amount of such repayment at
120% of the rate provided in Section 1274(b)(2)(B) of the Code. In the event
that the Excise Tax is determined to exceed the amount taken into account
hereunder in calculating the Gross-Up Payment (including by reason of any
payment the existence or amount of which cannot be determined at the time of
the Gross-Up Payment), Alamosa shall make an additional Gross-Up Payment in
respect of such excess (plus any interest, penalties or additions payable by
Employee with respect to such excess) within five (5) business days following
the time that the amount of such excess is finally determined. Employee and
Alamosa shall each reasonably cooperate with the other in connection with any
administrative or judicial proceedings concerning the existence or amount of
liability for Excise Tax with respect to the Total Payments.

         (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 10, if
it shall be determined that Employee is entitled to a Gross-Up Payment, but
the Total Payments do not exceed 115% of the greatest amount (the "Reduced
Amount") that could be paid to Employee such that the receipt of Total
Payments would not give rise to any Excise Tax, then no Gross-Up Payment shall
be made to Employee and the Total Payments, in the aggregate, shall be reduced
to the Reduced Amount. If a reduction is required, Employee and Alamosa shall
determine, after consultation, which payments and or benefits shall be waived,
reduced or forfeited to accomplish the reduction.

         (e) Upon Employee's request, Alamosa shall provide Employee with a
written statement setting forth the manner in which calculations were made
pursuant to this Section 10 including, without limitation, any opinions or
other advice Alamosa has received from Tax Counsel or other advisors or
consultants (and any such opinions or advice which are in writing shall be
attached to the statement).

11.      NON-COMPETITION/NON-SOLICITATION.

         (a) During Employee's employment with Alamosa, Employee shall not
engage in "Competition" with Alamosa or any Affiliate (collectively, the
"Company Group"). For purposes of this Agreement, Competition by Employee
shall mean Employee's engaging in, or otherwise directly or indirectly being
employed by or acting as a consultant or lender to, or being an agent,
principal, owner, partner, corporate officer, director, shareholder, member,
or investor of, or permitting his name to be used in connection with the
activities of any other business or organization anywhere in the United States
which competes with the Business of any entity in the Company Group. For these
purposes, the "Business" is establishing and providing mobile wireless
communications services, including all aspects of the Business, within the
"Service Area" as that term is defined in the Schedule of Definitions referred
to in and incorporated by reference into the Sprint PCS Management Agreements
dated as of July 10, 1998, December 8, 1998, January 25, 1999, December 6,
1999 and December 23, 1999 (as they may be amended from time to time) or any
other similar Sprint Management Agreement to which Alamosa or any of its
Affiliates may be a party ("the Sprint Agreement"); provided that; it shall
not be a violation of this sub-paragraph for Employee to become the registered
or beneficial owner of up to five percent (5%) of any class of the capital
stock of a competing corporation registered under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, provided the Employee does not actively participate in
the business of such corporation until such time as this covenant expires.

         (b) For a period of one year following the termination of Employee's
employment (two years if Employee's employment terminates under Section 9(d)
during the Term and within twelve months following a Change of Control),
whether upon expiration of this Agreement or otherwise, Employee shall not
engage in Competition, as defined above, in the Service Area or in any area in
which Alamosa had, as of the date of the expiration of termination of this
Agreement, a bona fide intention to begin to operate its Business; provided
that, it shall not be a violation of this sub-paragraph for Employee to (1)
become the registered or beneficial owner of up to five percent (5%) of any
class of the capital stock of a competing corporation registered under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, provided Employee does not
actively participate in the business of such corporation until such time as
this covenant expires, (2) commence employment with an employer or provide
services to an entity who conducts the Business in one or more areas within
the Service Area so long as such areas do not contain more than 25% of
Alamosa's subscribers and Employee's services do not primarily relate to the
Service Area or (3) commence employment with or provide services to a national
carrier of the Business (e.g., Verizon or AT&T) if Employee's services do not
primarily relate to the Service Area. Notwithstanding anything to the
foregoing, it shall not be a violation of this sub-paragraph for an Employee
to commence employment or provide consulting services to an entity that
derives more than 80% of its revenues from cellular communications services.

         (c) For a period of one year (two years if Employee's employment
terminates under Section 9(d) during the Term and within twelve months
following a Change of Control) after Employee ceases to be employed hereunder,
whether upon expiration of this Agreement or otherwise, Employee agrees that
he will not, directly or indirectly, for his benefit or for the benefit of any
other person, firm or entity, do any of the following:

                  (i) recruit or solicit (other than pursuant to general,
         non-targeted advertisements) the employment or services of, or hire,
         in any business enterprise or activity, any person who was employed
         by an entity in the Company Group upon termination of Employee's
         employment, or within six (6) months prior thereto;

                  (ii) solicit from any customer or client doing business with
         an entity in the Company Group as of Employee's termination, business
         of the same or a similar nature to the business of such entity of the
         Company Group with such customer or client;

                  (iii) solicit from any potential customer of an entity in
         the Company Group business of the same or a similar nature to that
         which has been the subject of a written or oral bid, offer or
         proposal by such entity of the Company Group, or of substantial
         preparation with a view to making such a bid, offer or proposal,
         within six (6) months prior to Employee's termination; or

                  (iv) otherwise knowingly interfere with the business or
         accounts of any entity in the Company Group.

         (d) Employee acknowledges that the services to be rendered by him
hereunder are of a special and unique character, which gives this Agreement a
peculiar value to Alamosa, the loss of which may not be reasonably or
adequately compensated for by damages in an action at law, and that a breach
or threatened breach by his of any of the provisions contained in this Section
11 will cause the Company irreparable injury. Employee therefore agrees that
in the event of a violation or threatened violation of any of the provisions
contained in this Section 11, Alamosa or any of its Affiliates shall be
entitled, in addition to any other right or remedy, to a temporary,
preliminary and permanent injunction, without the necessity of proving the
inadequacy of monetary damages or the posting of any bond or security,
enjoining or restraining Employee from any such violation or threatened
violations.

         (e) Employee further agrees that due to the confidential nature of
the information he will possess, the covenants set forth herein are reasonable
and necessary for the protection of the goodwill or other business interest of
the Company Group.

         (f) Employee agrees that if a court of competent jurisdiction
determines that the length of time or any other restriction, or portion
thereof, set forth in this Section 11 is overly restrictive and unenforceable,
the court may reduce or modify such restrictions to those which it deems
reasonable and enforceable under the circumstances, and as so reduced or
modified, the parties hereto agree that the restrictions of this Section 11
shall remain in full force and effect. Employee further agrees that if a court
of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Section 11 is
invalid or against public policy, the remaining provisions of this Section 11
and the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby, and shall
remain in full force and effect.

12.      CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

         Employee recognizes and acknowledges that he will have access to
certain information of members of the Company Group and that such information
is confidential and constitutes valuable, special and unique property of such
members of the Company Group. The Parties agree that Alamosa has a legitimate
interest in protecting the Confidential Information, as defined below, and is
entitled to protection of its interests in the Confidential Information.
Employee shall not at any time, either during or subsequent to the Term,
disclose to others, use, copy or permit to be copied, except in pursuance of
his duties for or on behalf of Alamosa, any Confidential Information of any
member of the Company Group (regardless of whether developed by Employee)
without the prior written consent of Alamosa. Employee acknowledges that the
use or disclosure of the Confidential Information to anyone or any third party
could cause monetary loss and damages to Alamosa. The Parties further agree
that in the event of a violation of this covenant against non-use and
non-disclosure of Confidential Information, Alamosa shall be entitled to a
recovery of damages from Employee and/or an injunction against Employee for
the breach or violation or continued breach or violation of this covenant.

         The term "Confidential Information" with respect to any person means
any secret or confidential information or know-how and shall include, but
shall not be limited to, the plans, financial and operating information,
customers, supplier arrangements, contracts, costs, prices, uses, and
applications of products and services, results of investigations, studies or
experiments owned or used by such person, and all apparatus, products,
processes, compositions, samples, formulas, computer programs, computer
hardware designs, computer firmware designs, and servicing, marketing or
manufacturing methods and techniques at any time used, developed,
investigated, made or sold by such person, before or during the term of this
Agreement, that are not readily available to the public or that are maintained
as confidential by such person. The Employee shall maintain in confidence any
Confidential Information of third parties received as a result of his
employment with the Company in accordance with the Company's obligations to
such third parties and the policies established by the Company.

13.      DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS UPON TERMINATION.

         Employee shall deliver to Alamosa or its designee at the termination
of his employment all correspondence, memoranda, notes, records, drawings,
sketches, plans, customer lists, product compositions, and other documents and
all copies thereof, made, composed or received by Employee, solely or jointly
with others, that are in Employee's possession, custody, or control at
termination and that are related in any manner to the past, present, or
anticipated business or any member of the Company Group. In this regard,
Employee hereby grants and conveys to Alamosa all right, title and interest in
and to, including without limitation, the right to possess, print, copy, and
sell or otherwise dispose of, any reports, records, papers, summaries,
photographs, drawings or other documents, and writings, and copies, abstracts
or summaries thereof, that may be prepared by the Employee or under his
direction or that may come into his possession in any way during the term of
employment with Alamosa that relate in any manner to the past, present or
anticipated business of any member of the Company Group.

14.      DISPUTES.

         The Parties agree to the following in regard to any disputes between
them arising under any of the provisions of this Agreement other than the
provisions of Sections 11 through 13 hereof. Nothing in this Section 14
applies to or governs disputes arising under Sections 11 through 13 of this
Agreement.

         (a) MEDIATION. The Parties agree to mediate any dispute arising under
the applicable provisions of this Agreement. In the event of any such dispute,
the parties, within thirty (30) days of a written request for mediation, shall
attend, in good faith, a mediation in order to make a good faith reasonable
effort to resolve such dispute arising under this Agreement. The Parties shall
attempt, in good faith, to agree to a mediator. If unable to so agree, the
Parties, in that event, will move to arbitration as provided in this Agreement
and there will be no mediation. If this good faith mediation effort fails to
resolve any dispute arising under this Agreement, the Parties agree to
arbitrate any dispute arising under this Agreement. This arbitration shall
occur only after the mediation process described herein.

         (b) ARBITRATION. The Parties agree, on the advice of their counsel,
and as evidenced by the signatures of the Parties and of their respective
attorneys, that all questions as to rights and obligations arising under the
terms of this Agreement are subject to arbitration and such arbitration shall
be governed by the provisions of the Texas General Arbitration Act (Texas
Civil Practice and Remedies Code Section 171.001 et seq as it may be amended
from time to time).

         (c) DEMAND FOR ARBITRATION. If a dispute should arise under this
Agreement, either Party may within thirty (30) days make a demand for
arbitration by filing a demand in writing with the other.

         (d) APPOINTMENT OF ARBITRATORS. The Parties to this Agreement may
agree on one arbitrator, but in the event that they cannot so agree, there
shall be three arbitrators, one named in writing by each of the Parties within
thirty (30) days after demand for arbitration is made, and a third to be
chosen by the two so named. The arbitrators among themselves shall appoint a
presiding arbitrator. Should either Party fail to timely join in the
appointment of the arbitrators, the arbitrators shall be appointed in
accordance with the provisions of Texas Civil Practice and Remedies Code
Section 171.041.

         (e) HEARING. All arbitration hearings conducted under the terms of
this Agreement, and all judicial proceedings to enforce any of the provisions
of this Agreement, shall take place in Lubbock County, Texas. The hearing
before the arbitrators of the matter to be arbitrated shall be at the time and
place within that County selected by the arbitrators or if deemed by the
arbitrators to be more convenient for the parties or more economically
feasible, may be conducted in any city within the Service Area or within the
State of Texas.

         (f) ARBITRATION AWARD. If there is only one arbitrator, his or her
decision shall be binding and conclusive. Similarly, a decision by a panel of
arbitrators shall also be binding and conclusive. The submission of a dispute
to the arbitrators and the rendering of their decision shall be a condition
precedent to any right of legal action on the dispute. A judgment confirming
the award of the arbitrators may be rendered by any court having jurisdiction;
or the court may vacate, modify, or correct the award in accordance with the
provisions of the Texas General Arbitration Act (Texas Civil Practice and
Remedies Code ss. 171.087 et seq as it may be amended from time to time).

         (g) COSTS OF ARBITRATION. The costs and expenses of arbitration,
including the fees of the arbitrators but excluding any attorneys' fees, shall
be advanced by Alamosa, but will ultimately be borne by the losing party or in
such proportions as the arbitrators shall determine.

         (h) CONDUCT OF ARBITRATION. Any arbitration brought under the terms
of this Agreement shall be conducted in the following manner:

                  (i) Time Limitations. The Parties agree that the following
         time limitations shall govern the arbitration proceedings conducted
         under the terms of this Agreement:

                         (A) Any demand for arbitration must be filed within
                  thirty (30) days of the date the mediation is deemed
                  unsuccessful, or thirty (30) days after the date of the
                  written request for mediation, whichever is later.

                         (B) Each Party must select an arbitrator within
                  thirty (30) days of receipt of notice that an arbitration
                  proceeding has commenced. In the event that no such
                  selection is made, the arbitrator selected by the other
                  party may conduct the arbitration proceeding without
                  selecting any other arbitrator.

                         (C) The hearing must be held within sixty (60) days
                  of the date on which the third arbitrator is selected.

                         (D) Hearing briefs must be submitted no later than
                  ten (10) days after the hearing.

                         (E) The arbitration award must be made within thirty
                  (30) days of the receipt of hearing briefs.

                  (ii) Discovery in Arbitration Proceedings. The Parties agree
         that discovery may be conducted in the course of the arbitration
         proceeding in accordance with the following provisions:

                         (A) Each Party may notice no more than three (3)
                  depositions in total, including both witnesses adherent to
                  the adverse Party and third-party witnesses.

                         (B) Each Party may serve no more than twenty-five
                  (25) requests for admission on the other party. No requests
                  may be served within ten (10) days of the date of hearing,
                  unless the parties otherwise stipulate. All requests for
                  admission shall be responded to within ten (10) days of
                  service of the requests, unless the Parties otherwise
                  stipulate.

                         (C) Each Party may serve no more than fifty (50)
                  interrogatories on the other Party. No interrogatory shall
                  contain subparts, or concern more than one topic or subject
                  of inquiry. Interrogatories may not be phrased so as to
                  circumvent the effect of this clause. No interrogatories may
                  be served within ten (10) days of the date of hearing,
                  unless the parties otherwise stipulate. All interrogatories
                  shall be responded to within ten (10) days of service of the
                  interrogatories, unless the Parties otherwise stipulate.

                         (D) Each Party may serve no more than ten (10)
                  requests for production of documents on the other Party. No
                  request for production of documents shall contain subparts,
                  or seek more than one type of document. Requests for
                  production of documents may not be phrased so as to
                  circumvent the effect of this clause. Unless the Parties
                  otherwise stipulate, requests for production of documents
                  may not be served within ten (10) day of the date of
                  hearing, and all requests for production of documents shall
                  be responded to within ten (10) days of service of the
                  requests.

                         (E) If any Party contends that the other Party has
                  served discovery requests in a manner not permitted by this
                  Section, or that the other Party's response to a discovery
                  request is unsatisfactory, the party may request the
                  presiding arbitrator to resolve such discovery disputes. The
                  presiding arbitrator shall prescribe the procedure by which
                  such disputes are resolved. Any discovery dispute may be
                  handled by telephone conference among the Parties and the
                  presiding arbitrator.

15.      WITHHOLDING TAXES.

         All payments to Employee or his Beneficiary shall be subject to
withholding on account of federal, state and local taxes as required by law.
If any payment under this Agreement is insufficient to provide the amount of
such taxes required to be withheld, Alamosa may withhold such taxes from any
subsequent payment due Employee or his Beneficiary. In the event that all
payments due are insufficient to provide the required amount of such
withholding taxes, Employee or his Beneficiary, within five days after written
notice from Alamosa, shall pay to Alamosa the amount of such withholding taxes
in excess of the payments due.

16.      INDEMNIFICATION AND LIABILITY INSURANCE. Nothing herein is intended to
limit Alamosa's indemnification of Employee, and Alamosa shall indemnify him
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law consistent with Alamosa's
Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws as in effect on the date of this
Agreement, with respect to any action or failure to act on his part while he
is (x) an officer, director or employee of Alamosa or any Subsidiary or
Affiliate or (y) a director or officer of any trade association or business
enterprise that is not a subsidiary or Affiliate and in which capacity his
service is at Alamosa's request. To the extent that directors' and officers'
liability insurance is obtainable on commercially economic terms, Alamosa
shall cause Employee to be covered, during the Term and after the Term in
respect of claims arising from any such service during the Term, by such
insurance on terms no less favorable than the directors' and officers'
liability insurance maintained by Alamosa as in effect on the date of this
Agreement in terms of coverage, limits and reimbursement of defense costs. In
any period during which such insurance coverage is not obtainable on
commercially economic terms, Alamosa shall cause Employee to be covered by as
much of such insurance as may be obtained for the largest premium paid by
Alamosa for such an insurance policy in effect during the Term.

17.      ASSIGNABILITY, SUCCESSORS, BINDING AGREEMENT.

         (a) In addition to any obligations imposed by law upon any successor
to Alamosa, Alamosa will use its best efforts to persuade any successor
(whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise)
to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of Alamosa to
expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to
the same extent that Alamosa would be required to perform it if no such
succession had taken place. Failure of Alamosa to obtain such assumption and
agreement prior to the effectiveness of any such succession shall be a breach
of this Agreement and shall entitle Employee to compensation from Alamosa in
the same amount and on the same terms as Employee would be entitled to
hereunder if he were to terminate his employment for Good Reason within twelve
months following a Change of Control, except that, for purposes of
implementing the foregoing, the date on which any such succession becomes
effective shall be deemed the Date of Termination.

         (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable
by Employee's personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators,
successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If Employee shall die
while any amount would still be payable to him hereunder (other than amounts
which, by their terms, terminate upon his death) if he had continued to live,
all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement to the executors, personal
representatives or administrators of Employee's estate.

18.      ENTIRE AGREEMENT.

         Except to the extent otherwise provided herein, this Agreement
contains the entire understanding and agreement between the Parties concerning
the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreements, whether written
or oral, between the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof. In the
event of a conflict between this Agreement and terms of any benefit plan,
grant or award, the provisions of this Agreement shall govern the
determination of Employee's rights.

19.      AMENDMENT OR WAIVER.

         No provision in this Agreement may be amended unless such amendment
is agreed to in writing and signed by both Employee and an authorized officer
of Alamosa. No waiver by either Party of any breach by the other Party of any
condition or provision contained in this Agreement to be performed by such
other Party shall be deemed a waiver of a similar or dissimilar condition or
provision at the same or any prior or subsequent time. Any waiver must be in
writing and signed by the Party to be charged with the waiver.

20.      SEVERABILITY.

         In the event that any provision or portion of this Agreement shall be
determined to be valid or unenforceable for any reason, in whole or in part,
the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be unaffected thereby and
shall remain in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law.

21.      SURVIVAL.

         The respective rights and obligations of the Parties under this
Agreement shall survive any termination of Employee's employment with Alamosa.

22.      BENEFICIARIES/REFERENCES.

         Employee shall be entitled to select (and change, to the extent
permitted under any applicable law) a beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive
any compensation or benefit payable under this Agreement following Employee's
death by giving Alamosa written notice thereof. In the event of Employee's
death or of a judicial determination of his incompetence, reference in this
Agreement to Employee shall be deemed to refer, as appropriate, to his
beneficiary, estate or other legal representative.

23.      MITIGATION.

         Alamosa agrees that, if Employee's employment by Alamosa terminates
during the Term, Employee is not required to seek other employment or to
attempt in any way to reduce any amounts payable to him due under this
Agreement. Further, the amount of any payment shall not be reduced by any
compensation earned by Employee as the result of employment by another
employer, by retirement benefits, by offset against any amount claimed to be
owed by Employee to Alamosa, or otherwise.

24.      GOVERNING LAW AND PERFORMANCE.

         This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without reference to
principles of conflict of laws. This Agreement shall be deemed to be executed
in and performance called for in Lubbock, Lubbock County, Texas.

25.      LEGAL EXPENSES. Alamosa agrees to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket
costs and expenses, including all reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements,
actually incurred by Employee in collecting or enforcing payments to which he
is ultimately determined to be entitled (whether by agreement among the
Parties, court order or otherwise) pursuant to this Agreement in accordance
with its terms.

26.     NOTICES. Any notice given to either Party shall be in writing and shall
be deemed to have been given when delivered either personally, by fax, by
overnight delivery service (such as Federal Express) or sent by certified or
registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, duly addressed to
the Party concerned at the address indicated below or to such changed address
as the Party may subsequently give notice of.

If to Alamosa:

         Alamosa Holdings, Inc.
         5225 S. Loop 289,
         Lubbock, TX 79424

With a copy to:

         Jack McCutchin, Jr.
         Crenshaw, Dupree and& Milam, LLP
         P.O. Box 1499 Lubbock, TX 79408-1499

and

         Fred B. White, III
         Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
         4 Times Square
         New York, New York 10036

If to Employee:

         At his address on file with Alamosa.

With a copy to:

         Bill Harriger
         Murchison Hund & Harriger, LLP
         PO Box 54390
         Lubbock, TX 79453-4390

27.      HEADINGS.

         The headings of the sections contained in this Agreement are for
convenience only and shall not be deemed to control or affect the meaning or
construction of any provision of this Agreement.

28.      COUNTERPARTS.

         This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which when so
executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.



<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as
of the date first written above.

                                           Alamosa Holdings, Inc.


                                           By: /s/ Kendall Cowan
                                               --------------------------------
                                               Name:  Kendall Cowan
                                               Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                           Employee:


                                           /s/ David Sharbutt
                                           ------------------------------------
                                               David E. Sharbutt

Approved as to the mediation and arbitration provisions in Section 14 above.


Crenshaw, Dupree & Milam, LLP


                                           By:
                                              ---------------------------------
                                              Jack McCutchin, Jr.
                                              Attorney for Alamosa


                                           Murchison Hund & Harriger, LLP


                                           By:
                                              ---------------------------------
                                              Bill Harriger
                                              Attorney for Employee


Dated this 27th of December, 2004.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>alamosa10_2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2 - EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                  Exhibit 10.2


                             EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), made and entered into
as of January 1, 2005, between Alamosa Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
with its principal office located at 5225 S. Loop 289, Lubbock, TX (together
with its successors and assigns permitted under this Agreement) ("Alamosa"),
and Kendall Cowan ("Employee").

                             W I T N E S S E T H:

         WHEREAS, Alamosa and Employee entered into that certain Employment
Agreement effective as of December 1, 1999 (the "Original Agreement");

         WHEREAS, Alamosa and Employee entered into that certain Employment
Agreement effective as of October 1, 2002 (the "Amended and Restated
Agreement");

         WHEREAS, Alamosa and Employee entered into an Amendment No. 1 to the
Original Agreement effective as of January 1, 2004 (the "Amendment No. 1").

         WHEREAS, Alamosa has determined that it is in the best interests of
Alamosa and its stockholders to enter into this Agreement amending and
restating the obligations and duties of both Alamosa and Employee under the
Original Agreement and any amendments thereto; and

         WHEREAS, Alamosa wishes to assure itself of the continued service of
Employee for the period hereinafter provided, and Employee is willing to be
employed by Alamosa for said period, upon the terms and conditions provided in
this Agreement;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants
contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of
which is mutually acknowledged, Alamosa and Employee (individually a "Party"
and together the "Parties") agree as follows:

1.       DEFINITIONS.

         (a) "Affiliate" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2
promulgated under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.

         (b) "Base Salary" shall mean the annual salary provided for in
Section 3 below, as adjusted from time to time by the Board.

         (c) "Beneficial Owner" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3
under the Exchange Act.

         (d) "Beneficiary" shall mean the person or persons named by Employee
pursuant to Section 22 below or, in the event that no such person is named and
survives Employee, his estate.

         (e) "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of Alamosa.

         (f) "Cause" shall mean:

         (i)      Employee's conviction in a court of law of, or guilty plea
                  or no contest plea to, a felony charge,

         (ii)     willful, substantial and continued failure by Employee to
                  perform his duties under this Agreement,

         (iii)    willful engagement by Employee in conduct that is
                  demonstrably and materially injurious to Alamosa,

         (iv)     a breach by Employee of Section 11 or Section 12 below. For
                  the purposes of clauses (ii) and (iii) of this definition,
                  no act or failure to act on the part of Employee shall be
                  deemed "willful" (x) if caused by Disability or (y) unless
                  done, or omitted to be done, by him not in good faith or
                  without reasonable belief that his act or omission was in
                  the best interests of Alamosa.

         (g) "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred if the event
set forth in any one of the following paragraphs shall have occurred:

         (i)      any Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or
                  indirectly, of securities of Alamosa (not including in the
                  securities beneficially owned by such Person any securities
                  acquired directly from Alamosa or its Affiliates)
                  representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of
                  Alamosa's then outstanding securities, excluding any Person
                  who becomes such a Beneficial Owner in connection with a
                  transaction described in clause (A) of paragraph (iii)
                  below; or

         (ii)     the following individuals cease for any reason to constitute
                  a majority of the number of directors then serving:
                  individuals who, on the date hereof, constitute the Board
                  and any new director (other than a director whose initial
                  assumption of office is in connection with an actual or
                  threatened election contest, including but not limited to a
                  consent solicitation, relating to the election of directors
                  of Alamosa) whose appointment or election by the Board or
                  nomination for election by Alamosa's stockholders was
                  approved or recommended by a vote of at least two-thirds
                  (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were
                  directors on the date hereof or whose appointment, election
                  or nomination for election was previously so approved or
                  recommended; or

         (iii)    there is consummated a merger or consolidation of Alamosa or
                  any direct or indirect subsidiary of Alamosa with any other
                  corporation or other entity, other than (A) a merger or
                  consolidation (1) which results in the voting securities of
                  Alamosa outstanding immediately prior to such merger or
                  consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining
                  outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of
                  the surviving entity or any parent thereof) at least 60% of
                  the combined voting power of the securities of Alamosa or
                  such surviving entity or any parent thereof outstanding
                  immediately after such merger or consolidation and (2) after
                  which the individuals who comprise the Board immediately
                  prior thereto constitute at least a majority of the board of
                  directors of Alamosa, the entity surviving such merger or
                  consolidation or, if Alamosa or the entity surviving such
                  merger is then a subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof, or
                  (B) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a
                  recapitalization of Alamosa (or similar transaction) in
                  which no Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly
                  or indirectly, of securities of Alamosa (not including in
                  the securities Beneficially Owned by such Person any
                  securities acquired directly from Alamosa or its Affiliates)
                  representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of
                  Alamosa 's then outstanding securities; or

         (iv)     the stockholders of Alamosa approve a plan of complete
                  liquidation or dissolution of Alamosa or there is
                  consummated an agreement for the sale or disposition by
                  Alamosa of all or substantially all of Alamosa 's assets,
                  other than a sale or disposition by Alamosa of all or
                  substantially all of Alamosa's assets immediately following
                  which the individuals who comprise the Board immediately
                  prior thereto constitute at least a majority of the board of
                  directors of the entity to which such assets are sold or
                  disposed or any parent thereof.

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, a "Change of Control" shall not be
deemed to have occurred by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or
series of integrated transactions immediately following which the record
holders of the common stock of Alamosa immediately prior to such transaction
or series of transactions continue to have substantially the same
proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of
the assets of Alamosa immediately following such transaction or series of
transactions.

         (h) "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as from time
to time amended.

         (i) "Committee" shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board.

         (j) "Date of Termination" shall mean, with respect to any purported
termination of Employee's employment during the Term, (i) if Employee's
employment terminates due to Disability, 30 days after a good faith
determination of Disability by Alamosa (provided that Employee shall not have
returned to full-time performance of his duties during such 30-day period),
(ii) if Employee's employment terminates due to death, the date of death, and
(iii) if Employee's employment terminates for any other reason, the date
specified in the Notice of Termination (which shall be not less than 30 days
after the date of such Notice of Termination).

         (k) "Disability" shall have the meaning set forth in Alamosa's
long-term disability policy as in effect from time to time.

         (l) "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

         (m) "Excise Tax" shall mean any excise tax imposed under Section 4999
of the Code.

         (n) "Good Reason" shall mean the occurrence (without Employee's
express written consent) of any one of the following acts or omissions by
Alamosa unless, in the case of any act or omission described in this Section
1(n), such act or omission is corrected prior to the Date of Termination
specified in the Notice of Termination in respect thereof:

         (i)      the assignment to Employee of any duties inconsistent with
                  Employee's status as the chief financial officer of Alamosa
                  or a substantial adverse alteration in the nature of
                  Employee's authority, duties or responsibilities, or any
                  other action by Alamosa which results in a diminution in
                  such status, authority, duties or responsibilities (it being
                  understood that a mere change in authority, duties or
                  responsibilities, or any other action by Alamosa will not
                  constitute Good Reason in and of itself unless it results in
                  a substantial adverse alteration or diminution of Employee's
                  authority, duties or responsibilities), excluding for this
                  purpose an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action
                  not taken in bad faith and which is remedied by Alamosa
                  promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by Employee;

         (ii)     subject to its obligations to stockholders, the failure by
                  Alamosa to ensure Employee's continued service as a member
                  of the Board;

         (iii)    a reduction by Alamosa in Employee's base salary and/or
                  annual bonus opportunity as in effect on the date hereof or
                  as the same may be increased from time to time, except for
                  across-the-board reductions similarly affecting all senior
                  executives of Alamosa;

         (iv)     the failure by Alamosa to pay to Employee any portion of
                  Employee's current compensation except pursuant to an
                  across-the-board compensation deferral similarly affecting
                  all senior executives of Alamosa;

         (v)      the failure by Alamosa to continue to provide Employee with
                  benefits substantially similar to those enjoyed by Employee
                  under any of Alamosa's savings/retirement, life insurance,
                  medical, health and accident, disability plans or other
                  benefits (including, without limitation, automobile, country
                  club, and vacation benefits) in which Employee was
                  participating at the time, the taking of any action by
                  Alamosa which would directly or indirectly materially reduce
                  any of such benefits or deprive Employee of any material
                  fringe benefit enjoyed by Employee at the time, (including,
                  without limitation, automobile, country club, and vacation
                  benefits);

         (vi)     the relocation of Alamosa's principal offices to a location
                  more than 50 miles from the location of such offices on the
                  date of this Agreement or a requirement that Employee be
                  based anywhere other than at Alamosa's principal offices
                  except for necessary travel on Alamosa's business to an
                  extent substantially consistent with Employee's business
                  travel obligations on the date of this Agreement;

         (vii)    the failure by Alamosa to ensure that Employee will be
                  employed by the ultimate parent of Alamosa in the event of
                  any corporate transaction;

         (viii)   a dispute between Alamosa and Employee over material
                  accounting issues; provided, however, any such dispute shall
                  not constitute Good Reason if Alamosa, at its own expense,
                  elects to have a nationally recognized public accounting
                  firm resolve the accounting issue dispute and such
                  accounting firm substantially agrees with Alamosa's position
                  regarding such accounting issue;

         (ix)     termination of Employee's employment by Employee at any time
                  more than twelve months after the date of termination of
                  David Sharbutt's employment; provided Employee, within sixty
                  (60) days of the date of Mr. Sharbutt's termination of
                  employment, notifies Alamosa in writing of his intention to
                  terminate employment; or

         (x)      any determination by Employee after the occurrence of a
                  Change of Control that Good Reason exists (which
                  determination shall be final and conclusive).

         (o) "LSAR" means Employee's right to receive a cash payment in
respect of the mandatory cancellation of an option equal to the product of (1)
the excess, if any, of the then fair market value (as determined under the
LTIP) of a share of Alamosa common stock over the per share exercise price of
the option and (2) the number of shares of stock subject to the option.

         (p) "LTIP" means Alamosa's Amended and Restated 1999 Long Term
Incentive Plan, or any successor plan thereto, or any amendment thereof.

         (q) "Notice of Termination" shall mean delivery of written notice by
one Party and receipt thereof by the other Party in accordance with Section 26
below, which notice shall indicate the specific termination provision in this
Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and
circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Employee's
employment hereunder.

         (r) "Person" shall have the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the
Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, except
that such term shall not include (i) Alamosa or any of its subsidiaries, (ii)
a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan
of Alamosa or any of its Affiliates, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding
securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (iv) a corporation
owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of Alamosa in substantially
the same proportions as their ownership of stock of Alamosa.

         (s) "Severance Payments" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
9(d)(ii) below.

         (t) "Tax Counsel" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10
below.

         (u) "Term" shall mean the period specified in Section 2(b) below
during which Employee is employed by Alamosa or any of its Affiliates.

         (v) "Total Payments" shall mean those payments so described in
Section 10 below.

2.       TERM OF EMPLOYMENT, POSITIONS AND DUTIES.

         (a) Employment of Employee. Alamosa hereby employs Employee, and
Employee hereby accepts employment with Alamosa, in the position and with the
duties and responsibilities set forth below and upon such other terms and
conditions as are hereinafter stated.

         (b) Term of Employment. The Term shall commence on the date of this
Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2006, unless it is sooner
terminated as provided in Section 9 below or extended by agreement of the
Parties.

         (c) Title, Duties and Authorities. Until termination of his
employment hereunder, Employee shall be employed as Chief Financial Officer of
Alamosa, with all the authorities and responsibilities that normally accrue to
such position of chief financial officer, and shall hold such other titles as
the Board may grant. Employee shall receive no additional compensation for
serving in any other capacity.

         (d) Time and Effort.

         (i)      Employee agrees to devote his best efforts and abilities and
                  his full business time and attention to the affairs of
                  Alamosa in order to carry out his duties and
                  responsibilities under this Agreement.

         (ii)     Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing shall preclude
                  Employee from

                  (A)      serving on the boards of (x) a reasonable number of
                           trade associations and charitable organizations,
                           and (y) (as defined below) with the prior consent
                           of the Board (which shall not be unreasonably
                           withheld), any other business not in Competition
                           with Alamosa,

                  (B)      engaging in charitable activities and community
                           affairs, and

                  (C)      managing his personal investments and affairs;
                           provided, however, that any such activities do not
                           materially interfere with the proper performance of
                           his duties and responsibilities specified in
                           Section 2(c) above.

3.       BASE SALARY.

         Employee shall receive from Alamosa an initial Base Salary, payable
in accordance with the regular payroll practices of Alamosa, of $400,000.00.
During the Term, the Board shall review the Base Salary for increase no less
often than annually.

4.       ANNUAL BONUS.

         Employee shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus, which shall
have an initial target of $280,000.00. Payment of the annual bonus (which may,
in the Committee's discretion, be paid in whole or in part on a quarterly
basis) shall be based upon the achievement of such performance goals as the
Committee shall determine based on Alamosa's budget and business plan. No
annual bonus will be payable unless the Committee determines that at least 75%
of the performance goals have been achieved. The amount of the annual bonus
payable shall be determined in accordance with the terms of the applicable
Alamosa bonus plan, but in no case shall exceed 200% of the target for the
annual bonus.

5.       LONG-TERM INCENTIVE COMPENSATION.

         During the Term, Employee shall participate in any long-term
incentive plan or plans that may be established by Alamosa for members of
Alamosa's senior management generally.

6.       EQUITY GRANTS.

         (a) Annual Option Grants. On the first business day of January of
each year, the Committee shall grant Employee options, according to the
following schedule: 2005 - 50,000 options, 2006 - 40,000 options (each an
"Option"). With respect to each Option, three percent (3%) of the total number
of shares subject to such Option shall become vested and fully exercisable
each month following the date of the grant of such Option. All shares subject
to each Option will vest and become vested and exercisable if Employee's
employment terminates pursuant to Section 9(d) below. Each Option shall have a
per share exercise price equal to the fair market value (as defined in the
LTIP) of a share of Alamosa common stock on the date of grant.

         (b) Incentive Stock Options. All stock options to be granted to
Employee hereunder shall, to the maximum extent permitted by Section 422 of
the Code, be intended to qualify as "incentive stock options."

         (c) Employment Required; Other Option Terms. In order to receive any
Option pursuant to this Section 6, Employee must be employed by Alamosa or one
of its Affiliates on the date of grant and any Option granted pursuant to this
Section 6 shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the form of Alamosa
Executive Stock Option Agreement under the LTIP to the extent such agreement
is not inconsistent with this Section 6. In addition, except as otherwise
provided herein or in the Executive Stock Option Agreement, option vesting
will be subject to Employee's continued employment hereunder.

         (d) Restricted Stock Grant. On the first business day of January of
each year, the Committee shall grant (subject to the terms of the LTIP and the
specific terms of a restricted stock agreement substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A) Employee shares of restricted stock pursuant to
the following schedule: 2005 - 50,000 shares, 2006 -40,000 shares.

         (e) LSAR Conversion. Employee acknowledges that immediately prior to
the occurrence of a "change in ownership or control" (as defined in Prop Reg
1.280G-1) of Alamosa, each Option that had not yet become vested and
exercisable shall automatically convert into an LSAR.

7.       EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENT.

         Employee shall be entitled to prompt reimbursement by Alamosa for all
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by him during the Term in
performing services under this Agreement, upon his submission of such accounts
and records as may be reasonably required by Alamosa.

8.       EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS AND PERQUISITES.

         During the Term, Employee shall be entitled to participate in all
life insurance, short-term and long-term disability, accident, health
insurance and savings/retirement plans that are applicable to Alamosa
employees generally or to the senior executives of Alamosa. Alamosa will also
reimburse Employee for the cost of the Employee's annual physical exams
performed during the Term by a physician chosen by Employee. The cost of each
such exam (including of any tests performed in connection with the physical)
shall not exceed $5,000.

         In addition, Alamosa will provide at least $5,000,000 term life
insurance on the life of Employee during the Term. Alamosa shall pay for all
costs attributable to such coverage. Such life insurance shall be at least ten
(10) year level premium term life insurance on the life of Employee. Employee
shall have the right to designate the beneficiary of such policy or policies.
Should Employee not be insurable, there will be no obligation upon Alamosa to
provide such life insurance. If Employee's employment terminates during the
Term of this Agreement or at the termination of Employee's employment pursuant
to this Agreement, Employee may assume the premium obligations of this policy
after termination of any continuing coverage provided under Section
9(d)(ii)(D), in which event Alamosa shall assign all its rights in the policy
to Employee. In the event Employee desires to assume the premium obligations
under this policy and at the time of Employee's termination of employment, or
end of any continuing coverage under Section 9(d)(ii)(D) if later, Alamosa has
prepaid any premiums on the policy, Employee shall pay to Alamosa the amount
of any prepayment attributable to any period of coverage after Employee's
termination of employment, or if later, after the continued coverage period
required under Section 9(d)(ii)(D) has elapsed.

         Alamosa will reimburse Employee for the cost of professional services
in the area of financial planning, estate planning and tax planning that are
incurred during the Term up to an aggregate maximum of $10,000 per annum.
During the Term, Employee shall be entitled to receive a car allowance and
reimbursement for club dues and other perquisites consistent with the
Executive Benefit Policy approved by the Committee.

9.       TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT.

         (a) General. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the
event of termination of Employee's employment under this Agreement for any
reason whatsoever, he, his dependents or Beneficiary, as may be the case,
shall be entitled to receive (in addition to payments and benefits under, and
except as specifically provided in, subsections (b) through (e) below as
applicable):

         (i)      his Base Salary through the Date of Termination;

         (ii)     payment in lieu of any unused vacation, in accordance with
                  Alamosa's vacation policy and applicable laws:

         (iii)    any earned annual bonus not yet paid to him;

         (iv)     any deferred compensation under any deferred compensation
                  agreement or plan then in effect;

         (v)      any other compensation or benefits, including without
                  limitation long-term incentive compensation described in
                  Section 5 above, in accordance with Section 6 above and
                  employee benefits under plans described in Section 8 above,
                  that have vested through the Date of Termination or to which
                  he may then be entitled in accordance with the applicable
                  terms of each award or plan; and

         (vi)     reimbursement in accordance with Section 7 above of any
                  business expenses incurred by Employee through the Date of
                  Termination but not yet paid to him and reimbursement of any
                  unpaid expenses incurred pursuant to Section 8 above.

         (b) Termination due to Death or Disability. In the event that
Employee's employment terminates due to his death or disability, he or his
Beneficiary, as the case may be, shall be entitled, in addition to the
compensation and benefits specified in Section 9(a), to:

         (i)      his Base Salary, at the rate in effect on the Date of
                  Termination, through the end of the month in which the
                  termination occurs, and

         (ii)     an annual bonus under Alamosa's annual bonus plan. Such
                  annual bonus shall be prorated to the Date of Termination
                  and shall be paid based on the Board's determination (which
                  shall be made in the Board's sole and absolute discretion)
                  of what annual bonus Employee would likely have received in
                  respect of the year in which the termination occurred.

         (c) Termination by Alamosa for Cause. In the event that Alamosa
terminates Employee's employment for Cause, he shall be entitled only to the
compensation and benefits specified in Section 9(a).

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, termination for Cause may not occur
pursuant to clauses (ii) or (iii) of Section 1(g) above unless and until, with
the Board's prior approval, Alamosa has delivered to Employee Notice of
Termination, which shall contain in reasonable detail the facts purporting to
constitute such nonperformance, act, omission or breach, and afforded him 30
days thereafter to cure the same (if curable) and/or to respond in writing to
the Board setting forth his position that his termination for Cause should not
occur and requesting reconsideration by the Board, in which event (x) the
effective date of termination of employment shall be deferred until the Board
has had the opportunity to consider whether such nonperformance, act, omission
or breach has been cured and to consider any request by Employee for
reconsideration, and (y) the Board shall thereafter cause a written notice to
be delivered on its behalf to Employee stating either that it has rescinded
its determination that his employment is to be terminated for Cause or that
affirms its determination that his employment is to be terminated for Cause
and that contains an effective date of termination of employment, which shall
be not earlier than 15 days after such notice is given. Section 1(n)(i) to the
contrary notwithstanding, upon delivery to Employee of Notice of Termination
under this Section 9(c), Employee shall be suspended from all duties and
responsibilities unless and until the Board rescinds its determination that
his employment is to be terminated for Cause.

         (d) Termination by Alamosa Without Cause or by Employee for Good
Reason.

         (i)      Alamosa shall provide Employee 30 days' Notice of
                  Termination of his employment without Cause, and Employee
                  shall provide 30 days' Notice of Termination of his
                  employment for Good Reason.

         (ii)     In the event of termination by Alamosa of Employee's
                  employment without Cause or of termination by Employee of
                  his employment for Good Reason, he shall be entitled, in
                  addition to the compensation and benefits specified in
                  Section 9(a), to the following compensation and benefits
                  (the "Severance Payments"):

                  (A)      his Base Salary, at the rate in effect immediately
                           before such termination (three times his Base
                           Salary if the Employee's employment terminates
                           within twelve months following a Change in
                           Control),

                  (B)      the higher of the Employee's target annual bonus or
                           average annual bonus earned over the two preceding
                           fiscal years (three times such amount if the
                           Employee's employment terminates within twelve
                           months following a Change in Control),

                  (C)      a prorated amount of Employee's annual bonus for
                           the year during which his termination occurs, which
                           bonus shall not be less than the product of (A) the
                           annual bonus paid to Employee for the calendar year
                           preceding the Date of Termination that has most
                           recently been paid to Employee and (B) a fraction,
                           the numerator of which is the number of days in the
                           current calendar year through the Date of
                           Termination and the denominator of which is 365;

                  (D)      continuing coverage under the life, disability,
                           accident and health insurance programs for Alamosa
                           employees generally and under any supplemental
                           programs covering Alamosa executives, as from time
                           to time in effect, for a one-year period from such
                           termination or until Employee becomes eligible for
                           substantially similar coverage under the employee
                           welfare plans of a new employer, whichever occurs
                           earlier (for a two year period if the Employee's
                           employment terminates within twelve months
                           following a Change in Control) (at the end of the
                           foregoing coverage period, Employee shall also be
                           entitled to elect coverage under the Consolidated
                           Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985); and

                  (E)      continuation of all other benefits in effect on the
                           Date of Termination (including, without limitation,
                           automobile, country club, vacation and pension
                           benefits, if applicable) for a one-year period (a
                           two year period if the Employee's employment
                           terminates within twelve months following a Change
                           in Control) following such termination or until
                           Employee becomes eligible for substantially similar
                           benefits from a new employer, whichever occurs
                           earlier.

         (iii)    The payments specified in Sections 9(d)(ii)(A), (B) and (C)
                  shall be made by Alamosa to Employee in a lump sum in cash
                  within 30 days of the Date of Termination.

         (iv)     Employee's right to terminate his employment for Good Reason
                  shall not be affected by his incapacity due to physical or
                  mental illness. Employee's continued employment shall not
                  constitute consent to, or a waiver of rights with respect
                  to, any act or omission constituting Good Reason.

         (v)      As a condition to receiving the payments and benefits
                  pursuant to this Section 9(d), Employee shall be required to
                  execute (and not revoke) a general release of all claims
                  against Alamosa and its Affiliates. Such release shall be in
                  a form substantially similar to that attached as Exhibit B
                  hereto.

         (e) Voluntary Termination by Employee. Employee shall have the right
voluntarily to terminate his employment in accordance with Section 1(j) above.
If he does so, he shall be entitled only to the compensation and benefits
specified in Section 9(a).

         (f) Cessation of Payments. If, during or after the Term, Employee
commits a breach of Section 11 or Section 12 below, Alamosa shall have no
further obligation to make payments to him under this Agreement except as may
be required in accordance with Section 9(a).

         (g) Resignation from Board. In the event of termination of Employee's
employment under this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, Employee agrees
that he will resign from his service as a member of the Board effective as of
his Date of Termination.

         (h) Notice Requirements. Any purported termination of Employee's
employment that is not effected pursuant to Notice of Termination satisfying
the requirements of Sections 1(j) and 1(q) and Section 26 shall not be
effective for purposes of this Agreement.

10.      280G TREATMENT.

         (a) Whether or not Employee becomes entitled to any payments pursuant
to Section 9(d) hereof, if any of the payments or benefits received or to be
received by Employee (whether pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any
other plan, arrangement or agreement with the Company, any Person whose
actions result in a Change of Control or any Person affiliated with Alamosa or
such Person) (all such payments and benefits, excluding the Gross-Up Payment,
being hereinafter referred to as the "Total Payments") will be subject to the
Excise Tax, Alamosa shall pay to Employee an additional amount (the "Gross-Up
Payment") such that the net amount retained by Employee, after deduction of
any Excise Tax on the Total Payments and any federal, state and local income
and employment taxes and Excise Tax upon the Gross-Up Payment, shall be equal
to the Total Payments. The Gross-Up Payment shall be paid to Employee by
Alamosa within two business days of the day of its calculation.

         (b) For purposes of determining whether any of the Total Payments
will be subject to the Excise Tax and the amount of such Excise Tax, (i) all
of the Total Payments shall be treated as "parachute payments" (within the
meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) unless, in the opinion of tax
counsel ("Tax Counsel") reasonably acceptable to Employee, such payments or
benefits (in whole or in part) do not constitute parachute payments, including
by reason of Section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code, (ii) all "excess parachute
payments" within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(l) of the Code shall be
treated as subject to the Excise Tax unless, in the opinion of Tax Counsel,
such excess parachute payments (in whole or in part) represent reasonable
compensation for services actually rendered (within the meaning of Section
280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code) in excess of the base amount (as defined in Section
280G(b)(3) of the Code) allocable to such reasonable compensation, or are
otherwise not subject to the Excise Tax, and (iii) the value of any noncash
benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall be determined in accordance
with the principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code. For purposes
of determining the amount of the Gross-Up Payment, Employee shall be deemed to
pay federal income tax at the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation
in the calendar year in which the Gross-Up Payment is to be made and state and
local income taxes at the highest marginal rate of taxation in the state and
locality of Employee's residence on the date Employee's employment hereunder
terminates (or if there is no such termination, then the date on which the
Gross-Up Payment is calculated for purposes of this Section 10), net of the
maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from
deduction of such state and local taxes.

         (c) In the event that the Excise Tax is finally determined to be less
than the amount taken into account hereunder in calculating the Gross-Up
Payment, Employee shall repay to Alamosa, within five (5) business days
following the time that the amount of such reduction in the Excise Tax is
finally determined, the portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to such
reduction plus that portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to the Excise
Tax and federal, state and local income and employment taxes imposed on the
Gross-Up Payment being repaid by Employee, to the extent that such repayment
results in a reduction in the Excise Tax and a dollar-for-dollar reduction in
Employee's taxable income and wages for purposes of federal, state and local
income and employment taxes, plus interest on the amount of such repayment at
120% of the rate provided in Section 1274(b)(2)(B) of the Code. In the event
that the Excise Tax is determined to exceed the amount taken into account
hereunder in calculating the Gross-Up Payment (including by reason of any
payment the existence or amount of which cannot be determined at the time of
the Gross-Up Payment), Alamosa shall make an additional Gross-Up Payment in
respect of such excess (plus any interest, penalties or additions payable by
Employee with respect to such excess) within five (5) business days following
the time that the amount of such excess is finally determined. Employee and
Alamosa shall each reasonably cooperate with the other in connection with any
administrative or judicial proceedings concerning the existence or amount of
liability for Excise Tax with respect to the Total Payments.

         (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 10, if
it shall be determined that Employee is entitled to a Gross-Up Payment, but
the Total Payments do not exceed 115% of the greatest amount (the "Reduced
Amount") that could be paid to Employee such that the receipt of Total
Payments would not give rise to any Excise Tax, then no Gross-Up Payment shall
be made to Employee and the Total Payments, in the aggregate, shall be reduced
to the Reduced Amount. If a reduction is required, Employee and Alamosa shall
determine, after consultation, which payments and or benefits shall be waived,
reduced or forfeited to accomplish the reduction.

         (e) Upon Employee's request, Alamosa shall provide Employee with a
written statement setting forth the manner in which calculations were made
pursuant to this Section 10 including, without limitation, any opinions or
other advice Alamosa has received from Tax Counsel or other advisors or
consultants (and any such opinions or advice which are in writing shall be
attached to the statement).

11.      NON-COMPETITION/NON-SOLICITATION.

         (a) During Employee's employment with Alamosa, Employee shall not
engage in "Competition" with Alamosa or any Affiliate (collectively, the
"Company Group"). For purposes of this Agreement, Competition by Employee
shall mean Employee's engaging in, or otherwise directly or indirectly being
employed by or acting as a consultant or lender to, or being an agent,
principal, owner, partner, corporate officer, director, shareholder, member,
or investor of, or permitting his name to be used in connection with the
activities of any other business or organization anywhere in the United States
which competes with the Business of any entity in the Company Group. For these
purposes, the "Business" is establishing and providing mobile wireless
communications services, including all aspects of the Business, within the
"Service Area" as that term is defined in the Schedule of Definitions referred
to in and incorporated by reference into the Sprint PCS Management Agreements
dated as of July 10, 1998, December 8, 1998, January 25, 1999, December 6,
1999 and December 23, 1999 (as they may be amended from time to time) or any
other similar Sprint Management Agreement to which Alamosa or any of its
Affiliates may be a party ("the Sprint Agreement"); provided that; it shall
not be a violation of this sub-paragraph for Employee to become the registered
or beneficial owner of up to five percent (5%) of any class of the capital
stock of a competing corporation registered under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, provided the Employee does not actively participate in
the business of such corporation until such time as this covenant expires.

         (b) For a period of one year following the termination of Employee's
employment (two years if Employee's employment terminates under Section 9(d)
during the Term and within twelve months following a Change of Control),
whether upon expiration of this Agreement or otherwise, Employee shall not
engage in Competition, as defined above, in the Service Area or in any area in
which Alamosa had, as of the date of the expiration of termination of this
Agreement, a bona fide intention to begin to operate its Business; provided
that, it shall not be a violation of this sub-paragraph for Employee to (1)
become the registered or beneficial owner of up to five percent (5%) of any
class of the capital stock of a competing corporation registered under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, provided Employee does not
actively participate in the business of such corporation until such time as
this covenant expires, (2) commence employment with an employer or provide
services to an entity who conducts the Business in one or more areas within
the Service Area so long as such areas do not contain more than 25% of
Alamosa's subscribers and Employee's services do not primarily relate to the
Service Area or (3) commence employment with or provide services to a national
carrier of the Business (e.g., Verizon or AT&T) if Employee's services do not
primarily relate to the Service Area. Notwithstanding anything to the
foregoing, it shall not be a violation of this sub-paragraph for an Employee
to commence employment or provide consulting services to an entity that
derives more than 80% of its revenues from cellular communications services.

         (c) For a period of one year (two years if Employee's employment
terminates under Section 9(d) during the Term and within twelve months
following a Change of Control) after Employee ceases to be employed hereunder,
whether upon expiration of this Agreement or otherwise, Employee agrees that
he will not, directly or indirectly, for his benefit or for the benefit of any
other person, firm or entity, do any of the following:

         (i)      recruit or solicit (other than pursuant to general,
                  non-targeted advertisements) the employment or services of,
                  or hire, in any business enterprise or activity, any person
                  who was employed by an entity in the Company Group upon
                  termination of Employee's employment, or within six (6)
                  months prior thereto;

         (ii)     solicit from any customer or client doing business with an
                  entity in the Company Group as of Employee's termination,
                  business of the same or a similar nature to the business of
                  such entity of the Company Group with such customer or
                  client;

         (iii)    solicit from any potential customer of an entity in the
                  Company Group business of the same or a similar nature to
                  that which has been the subject of a written or oral bid,
                  offer or proposal by such entity of the Company Group, or of
                  substantial preparation with a view to making such a bid,
                  offer or proposal, within six (6) months prior to Employee's
                  termination; or

         (iv)     otherwise knowingly interfere with the business or accounts
                  of any entity in the Company Group.

         (d) Employee acknowledges that the services to be rendered by him
hereunder are of a special and unique character, which gives this Agreement a
peculiar value to Alamosa, the loss of which may not be reasonably or
adequately compensated for by damages in an action at law, and that a breach
or threatened breach by his of any of the provisions contained in this Section
11 will cause the Company irreparable injury. Employee therefore agrees that
in the event of a violation or threatened violation of any of the provisions
contained in this Section 11, Alamosa or any of its Affiliates shall be
entitled, in addition to any other right or remedy, to a temporary,
preliminary and permanent injunction, without the necessity of proving the
inadequacy of monetary damages or the posting of any bond or security,
enjoining or restraining Employee from any such violation or threatened
violations.

         (e) Employee further agrees that due to the confidential nature of
the information he will possess, the covenants set forth herein are reasonable
and necessary for the protection of the goodwill or other business interest of
the Company Group.

         (f) Employee agrees that if a court of competent jurisdiction
determines that the length of time or any other restriction, or portion
thereof, set forth in this Section 11 is overly restrictive and unenforceable,
the court may reduce or modify such restrictions to those which it deems
reasonable and enforceable under the circumstances, and as so reduced or
modified, the parties hereto agree that the restrictions of this Section 11
shall remain in full force and effect. Employee further agrees that if a court
of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Section 11 is
invalid or against public policy, the remaining provisions of this Section 11
and the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby, and shall
remain in full force and effect.

12.      CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

         Employee recognizes and acknowledges that he will have access to
certain information of members of the Company Group and that such information
is confidential and constitutes valuable, special and unique property of such
members of the Company Group. The Parties agree that Alamosa has a legitimate
interest in protecting the Confidential Information, as defined below, and is
entitled to protection of its interests in the Confidential Information.
Employee shall not at any time, either during or subsequent to the Term,
disclose to others, use, copy or permit to be copied, except in pursuance of
his duties for or on behalf of Alamosa, any Confidential Information of any
member of the Company Group (regardless of whether developed by Employee)
without the prior written consent of Alamosa. Employee acknowledges that the
use or disclosure of the Confidential Information to anyone or any third party
could cause monetary loss and damages to Alamosa. The Parties further agree
that in the event of a violation of this covenant against non-use and
non-disclosure of Confidential Information, Alamosa shall be entitled to a
recovery of damages from Employee and/or an injunction against Employee for
the breach or violation or continued breach or violation of this covenant.

         The term "Confidential Information" with respect to any person means
any secret or confidential information or know-how and shall include, but
shall not be limited to, the plans, financial and operating information,
customers, supplier arrangements, contracts, costs, prices, uses, and
applications of products and services, results of investigations, studies or
experiments owned or used by such person, and all apparatus, products,
processes, compositions, samples, formulas, computer programs, computer
hardware designs, computer firmware designs, and servicing, marketing or
manufacturing methods and techniques at any time used, developed,
investigated, made or sold by such person, before or during the term of this
Agreement, that are not readily available to the public or that are maintained
as confidential by such person. The Employee shall maintain in confidence any
Confidential Information of third parties received as a result of his
employment with the Company in accordance with the Company's obligations to
such third parties and the policies established by the Company.

13.      DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS UPON TERMINATION.

         Employee shall deliver to Alamosa or its designee at the termination
of his employment all correspondence, memoranda, notes, records, drawings,
sketches, plans, customer lists, product compositions, and other documents and
all copies thereof, made, composed or received by Employee, solely or jointly
with others, that are in Employee's possession, custody, or control at
termination and that are related in any manner to the past, present, or
anticipated business or any member of the Company Group. In this regard,
Employee hereby grants and conveys to Alamosa all right, title and interest in
and to, including without limitation, the right to possess, print, copy, and
sell or otherwise dispose of, any reports, records, papers, summaries,
photographs, drawings or other documents, and writings, and copies, abstracts
or summaries thereof, that may be prepared by the Employee or under his
direction or that may come into his possession in any way during the term of
employment with Alamosa that relate in any manner to the past, present or
anticipated business of any member of the Company Group.

14.      DISPUTES.

         The Parties agree to the following in regard to any disputes between
them arising under any of the provisions of this Agreement other than the
provisions of Sections 11 through 13 hereof. Nothing in this Section 14
applies to or governs disputes arising under Sections 11 through 13 of this
Agreement.

         (a) MEDIATION. The Parties agree to mediate any dispute arising under
the applicable provisions of this Agreement. In the event of any such dispute,
the parties, within thirty (30) days of a written request for mediation, shall
attend, in good faith, a mediation in order to make a good faith reasonable
effort to resolve such dispute arising under this Agreement. The Parties shall
attempt, in good faith, to agree to a mediator. If unable to so agree, the
Parties, in that event, will move to arbitration as provided in this Agreement
and there will be no mediation. If this good faith mediation effort fails to
resolve any dispute arising under this Agreement, the Parties agree to
arbitrate any dispute arising under this Agreement. This arbitration shall
occur only after the mediation process described herein.

         (b) ARBITRATION. The Parties agree, on the advice of their counsel,
and as evidenced by the signatures of the Parties and of their respective
attorneys, that all questions as to rights and obligations arising under the
terms of this Agreement are subject to arbitration and such arbitration shall
be governed by the provisions of the Texas General Arbitration Act (Texas
Civil Practice and Remedies Code Section 171.001 et seq as it may be amended
from time to time).

         (c) DEMAND FOR ARBITRATION. If a dispute should arise under this
Agreement, either Party may within thirty (30) days make a demand for
arbitration by filing a demand in writing with the other.

         (d) APPOINTMENT OF ARBITRATORS. The Parties to this Agreement may
agree on one arbitrator, but in the event that they cannot so agree, there
shall be three arbitrators, one named in writing by each of the Parties within
thirty (30) days after demand for arbitration is made, and a third to be
chosen by the two so named. The arbitrators among themselves shall appoint a
presiding arbitrator. Should either Party fail to timely join in the
appointment of the arbitrators, the arbitrators shall be appointed in
accordance with the provisions of Texas Civil Practice and Remedies Code
Section 171.041.

         (e) HEARING. All arbitration hearings conducted under the terms of
this Agreement, and all judicial proceedings to enforce any of the provisions
of this Agreement, shall take place in Lubbock County, Texas. The hearing
before the arbitrators of the matter to be arbitrated shall be at the time and
place within that County selected by the arbitrators or if deemed by the
arbitrators to be more convenient for the parties or more economically
feasible, may be conducted in any city within the Service Area or within the
State of Texas.

         (f) ARBITRATION AWARD. If there is only one arbitrator, his or her
decision shall be binding and conclusive. Similarly, a decision by a panel of
arbitrators shall also be binding and conclusive. The submission of a dispute
to the arbitrators and the rendering of their decision shall be a condition
precedent to any right of legal action on the dispute. A judgment confirming
the award of the arbitrators may be rendered by any court having jurisdiction;
or the court may vacate, modify, or correct the award in accordance with the
provisions of the Texas General Arbitration Act (Texas Civil Practice and
Remedies Code ss. 171.087 et seq as it may be amended from time to time).

         (g) COSTS OF ARBITRATION. The costs and expenses of arbitration,
including the fees of the arbitrators but excluding any attorneys' fees, shall
be advanced by Alamosa, but will ultimately be borne by the losing party or in
such proportions as the arbitrators shall determine.

         (h) CONDUCT OF ARBITRATION. Any arbitration brought under the terms
of this Agreement shall be conducted in the following manner:

         (i)      Time Limitations. The Parties agree that the following time
                  limitations shall govern the arbitration proceedings
                  conducted under the terms of this Agreement:

                  (A)      Any demand for arbitration must be filed within
                           thirty (30) days of the date the mediation is
                           deemed unsuccessful, or thirty (30) days after the
                           date of the written request for mediation,
                           whichever is later.

                  (B)      Each Party must select an arbitrator within thirty
                           (30) days of receipt of notice that an arbitration
                           proceeding has commenced. In the event that no such
                           selection is made, the arbitrator selected by the
                           other party may conduct the arbitration proceeding
                           without selecting any other arbitrator.

                  (C)      The hearing must be held within sixty (60) days of
                           the date on which the third arbitrator is selected.

                  (D)      Hearing briefs must be submitted no later than ten
                           (10) days after the hearing.

                  (E)      The arbitration award must be made within thirty
                           (30) days of the receipt of hearing briefs.

         (ii)     Discovery in Arbitration Proceedings. The Parties agree that
                  discovery may be conducted in the course of the arbitration
                  proceeding in accordance with the following provisions:

                  (A)      Each Party may notice no more than three (3)
                           depositions in total, including both witnesses
                           adherent to the adverse Party and third-party
                           witnesses.

                  (B)      Each Party may serve no more than twenty-five (25)
                           requests for admission on the other party. No
                           requests may be served within ten (10) days of the
                           date of hearing, unless the parties otherwise
                           stipulate. All requests for admission shall be
                           responded to within ten (10) days of service of the
                           requests, unless the Parties otherwise stipulate.

                  (C)      Each Party may serve no more than fifty (50)
                           interrogatories on the other Party. No
                           interrogatory shall contain subparts, or concern
                           more than one topic or subject of inquiry.
                           Interrogatories may not be phrased so as to
                           circumvent the effect of this clause. No
                           interrogatories may be served within ten (10) days
                           of the date of hearing, unless the parties
                           otherwise stipulate. All interrogatories shall be
                           responded to within ten (10) days of service of the
                           interrogatories, unless the Parties otherwise
                           stipulate.

                  (D)      Each Party may serve no more than ten (10) requests
                           for production of documents on the other Party. No
                           request for production of documents shall contain
                           subparts, or seek more than one type of document.
                           Requests for production of documents may not be
                           phrased so as to circumvent the effect of this
                           clause. Unless the Parties otherwise stipulate,
                           requests for production of documents may not be
                           served within ten (10) day of the date of hearing,
                           and all requests for production of documents shall
                           be responded to within ten (10) days of service of
                           the requests.

                  (E)      If any Party contends that the other Party has
                           served discovery requests in a manner not permitted
                           by this Section, or that the other Party's response
                           to a discovery request is unsatisfactory, the party
                           may request the presiding arbitrator to resolve
                           such discovery disputes. The presiding arbitrator
                           shall prescribe the procedure by which such
                           disputes are resolved. Any discovery dispute may be
                           handled by telephone conference among the Parties
                           and the presiding arbitrator.

15.      WITHHOLDING TAXES.

         All payments to Employee or his Beneficiary shall be subject to
withholding on account of federal, state and local taxes as required by law.
If any payment under this Agreement is insufficient to provide the amount of
such taxes required to be withheld, Alamosa may withhold such taxes from any
subsequent payment due Employee or his Beneficiary. In the event that all
payments due are insufficient to provide the required amount of such
withholding taxes, Employee or his Beneficiary, within five days after written
notice from Alamosa, shall pay to Alamosa the amount of such withholding taxes
in excess of the payments due.

16.      INDEMNIFICATION AND LIABILITY INSURANCE.

         Nothing herein is intended to limit Alamosa's indemnification of
Employee, and Alamosa shall indemnify him to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law consistent with Alamosa's Certificate of Incorporation and
By-Laws as in effect on the date of this Agreement, with respect to any action
or failure to act on his part while he is (x) an officer, director or employee
of Alamosa or any Subsidiary or Affiliate or (y) a director or officer of any
trade association or business enterprise that is not a subsidiary or Affiliate
and in which capacity his service is at Alamosa's request. To the extent that
directors' and officers' liability insurance is obtainable on commercially
economic terms, Alamosa shall cause Employee to be covered, during the Term
and after the Term in respect of claims arising from any such service during
the Term, by such insurance on terms no less favorable than the directors' and
officers' liability insurance maintained by Alamosa as in effect on the date
of this Agreement in terms of coverage, limits and reimbursement of defense
costs. In any period during which such insurance coverage is not obtainable on
commercially economic terms, Alamosa shall cause Employee to be covered by as
much of such insurance as may be obtained for the largest premium paid by
Alamosa for such an insurance policy in effect during the Term.

17.      ASSIGNABILITY, SUCCESSORS, BINDING AGREEMENT.

         (a) In addition to any obligations imposed by law upon any successor
to Alamosa, Alamosa will use its best efforts to persuade any successor
(whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise)
to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of Alamosa to
expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to
the same extent that Alamosa would be required to perform it if no such
succession had taken place. Failure of Alamosa to obtain such assumption and
agreement prior to the effectiveness of any such succession shall be a breach
of this Agreement and shall entitle Employee to compensation from Alamosa in
the same amount and on the same terms as Employee would be entitled to
hereunder if he were to terminate his employment for Good Reason within twelve
months following a Change of Control, except that, for purposes of
implementing the foregoing, the date on which any such succession becomes
effective shall be deemed the Date of Termination.

         (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable
by Employee's personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators,
successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If Employee shall die
while any amount would still be payable to him hereunder (other than amounts
which, by their terms, terminate upon his death) if he had continued to live,
all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement to the executors, personal
representatives or administrators of Employee's estate.

18.      ENTIRE AGREEMENT.

         Except to the extent otherwise provided herein, this Agreement
contains the entire understanding and agreement between the Parties concerning
the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreements, whether written
or oral, between the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof. In the
event of a conflict between this Agreement and terms of any benefit plan,
grant or award, the provisions of this Agreement shall govern the
determination of Employee's rights.

19.      AMENDMENT OR WAIVER.

         No provision in this Agreement may be amended unless such amendment
is agreed to in writing and signed by both Employee and an authorized officer
of Alamosa. No waiver by either Party of any breach by the other Party of any
condition or provision contained in this Agreement to be performed by such
other Party shall be deemed a waiver of a similar or dissimilar condition or
provision at the same or any prior or subsequent time. Any waiver must be in
writing and signed by the Party to be charged with the waiver.

20.      SEVERABILITY.

         In the event that any provision or portion of this Agreement shall be
determined to be valid or unenforceable for any reason, in whole or in part,
the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be unaffected thereby and
shall remain in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law.

21.      SURVIVAL.

         The respective rights and obligations of the Parties under this
Agreement shall survive any termination of Employee's employment with Alamosa.

22.      BENEFICIARIES/REFERENCES.

         Employee shall be entitled to select (and change, to the extent
permitted under any applicable law) a beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive
any compensation or benefit payable under this Agreement following Employee's
death by giving Alamosa written notice thereof. In the event of Employee's
death or of a judicial determination of his incompetence, reference in this
Agreement to Employee shall be deemed to refer, as appropriate, to his
beneficiary, estate or other legal representative.

23.      MITIGATION.

         Alamosa agrees that, if Employee's employment by Alamosa terminates
during the Term, Employee is not required to seek other employment or to
attempt in any way to reduce any amounts payable to him due under this
Agreement. Further, the amount of any payment shall not be reduced by any
compensation earned by Employee as the result of employment by another
employer, by retirement benefits, by offset against any amount claimed to be
owed by Employee to Alamosa, or otherwise.

24.      GOVERNING LAW AND PERFORMANCE.

         This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without reference to
principles of conflict of laws. This Agreement shall be deemed to be executed
in and performance called for in Lubbock, Lubbock County, Texas.

25.      LEGAL EXPENSES.

         Alamosa agrees to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and
expenses, including all reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements, actually
incurred by Employee in collecting or enforcing payments to which he is
ultimately determined to be entitled (whether by agreement among the Parties,
court order or otherwise) pursuant to this Agreement in accordance with its
terms.

26.      NOTICES.

         Any notice given to either Party shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been given when delivered either personally, by fax, by
overnight delivery service (such as Federal Express) or sent by certified or
registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, duly addressed to
the Party concerned at the address indicated below or to such changed address
as the Party may subsequently give notice of.

If to Alamosa:

         Alamosa Holdings, Inc.
         5225 S. Loop 289
         Lubbock, TX 79424

With a copy to:

         Jack McCutchin, Jr.
         Crenshaw, Dupree and Milam, L.L.P.
         P.O. Box 1499 Lubbock, TX 79408-1499

         and

         Fred B. White, III
         Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
         4 Times Square
         New York, New York 10036

If to Employee:

         At his address on file with Alamosa.

With a copy to:

         Jason E. Winford
         Jenkins & Gilchrist
         1445 Ross Avenue
         Suite 3200
         Dallas, Texas 75202

27.      HEADINGS.

         The headings of the sections contained in this Agreement are for
convenience only and shall not be deemed to control or affect the meaning or
construction of any provision of this Agreement.

28.      COUNTERPARTS.

         This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which when so
executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as
of the date first written above.


                                       Alamosa Holdings, Inc.


                                       By: /s/ David Sharbutt
                                           ----------------------------------
                                       Name:  David Sharbutt
                                       Title: Chief Executive Officer


                                       Employee:


                                       /s/ Kendall Cowan
                                       ---------------------------------------
                                       Kendall Cowan

Approved as to the mediation and arbitration provisions in Section 14 above.


                                       Crenshaw, Dupree & Milam, LLP


                                       By:
                                          ------------------------------------
                                          Jack McCutchin, Jr.
                                          Attorney for Alamosa


                                          Jenkins & Gilchrist


                                          By:
                                             ---------------------------------
                                             Jason E. Winford
                                             Attorney for Employee

Dated this 27th day of December, 2004.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>alamosa10-3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3 - INCENTIVE PLAN
<TEXT>

                                                                  Exhibit 10.3

                   FORM OF EXECUTIVE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

                             ALAMOSA HOLDINGS, INC.

               AMENDED AND RESTATED 1999 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN

1. Grant of Option. Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Alamosa Holdings, Inc.
1999 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "Plan") for key management employees of
Alamosa Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company") and its
affiliates, the Company grants to ______ (the "Participant") an option to
purchase shares of Common Stock ("Common Stock") of the Company as follows:

         The Company grants to the Participant an option (the "Option") to
         purchase ______ shares of Common Stock (the "Optioned Shares") at an
         Option Price equal to the Grant Price of $__.__. The Date of Grant of
         this Stock Option is ______. The Award Period of this Stock Option
         shall commence on the Date of Grant and shall terminate on _________
         (the "Grant Expiration Date"). This Option is an Incentive Stock
         Option (subject to Section 7).

This Option is sometimes referred to in this Agreement as the "Stock Option."

2. Subject to Plan. This Stock Option and its exercise are subject to the terms
and conditions of the Plan, and the terms of the Plan shall control to the
extent not otherwise inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement. The
capitalized terms used herein that are defined in the Plan shall have the same
meanings assigned to them in the Plan. This Stock Option is subject to any
rules promulgated pursuant to the Plan by the Board or the Committee and
communicated to the Participant in writing.

3. Vesting; Time of Exercise. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement
and subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Plan, this
Stock Option shall vest at the rate of three percent (3%) of the Optioned
Shares per month following the date of grant (i.e. each monthly anniversary),
provided that the Participant has at all times been an Employee, consultant or
Outside Director of the Company or a Subsidiary from the Date of Grant to the
applicable monthly vesting dates. In addition, this Stock Option shall
accelerate and be fully vested and exercisable upon the Participant's
Termination of Service due to death or "Disability," upon the Participant's
termination of employment for "Good Reason", if the Company terminates the
Participant's employment without "Cause" (each is defined in the Participant's
Employment Agreement with the Company, dated _________) or upon the occurrence
of a Change of Control. Approved leaves of absence in accordance with the
Company's established policies and procedures of ninety (90) consecutive days
or less will not affect the vesting provisions described in this Section 3. If
an approved leave of absence exceeds ninety (90) consecutive days, then the
monthly vesting dates that occur on or after the ninety-first date of such
leave of absence shall be extended by a number of days equal to the number of
days of such leave of absence that exceed ninety. The foregoing provisions
regarding leaves of absence shall be construed and administered to comply with
the Family and Medical Leave of Act of 1993, and the regulations thereunder.

4. Termination; Forfeiture. The unexercised portion of the Stock Option that is
vested will terminate and be forfeited at the first of the following to occur:

         (1) 5 p.m. CST on the date the Award Period terminates;

         (2) 5 p.m. CST on the date that is twenty-four (24) months following
         the date of the Participant's Termination of Service due to (a) death,
         (b) Disability or (c) Retirement;

         (3) 5 p.m. CST on the date that is twenty-four (24) months following
         the date the Participant terminates employment for Good Reason or the
         date the Company terminates the Participant's employment without
         Cause;

         (4) immediately on the date of the Participant's Termination of
         Service by the Company for Cause;

         (5) immediately on the date of Termination of Service by the
         Participant, for any reason other than (a) death, (b) Disability, (c)
         Good Reason, or (d) Retirement without fifteen (15) days prior written
         notice to the Company or with such fifteen (15) days notice but the
         Participant voluntarily terminates prior to the end of such fifteen
         (15) day period; provided, however, that in the case of resignation,
         the Participant's Stock Option shall not lapse until the Participant
         has received notice from the Company that a new Allowed Trading Period
         (as described in Company's Insider Trading Policy) has opened
         (following the Participant's last day of employment due to
         resignation) where the Participant is allowed to exercise such Stock
         Options and sell such stock. Any unexercised portion of the Stock
         Option will lapse on the day following the close of the Allowed
         Trading Period described above.

         (6) immediately on the date the Company causes any portion of the
         Option to be forfeited pursuant to Section 7 hereof.

5. Who May Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Sections
3 and 4 above, during the lifetime of the Participant, this Stock Option may be
exercised only by the Participant, or by the Participant's guardian or legal
representative. If the Participant dies or becomes Disabled, as the case may
be, prior to the applicable termination dates specified in Section 4 hereof,
and the Participant has not exercised this Stock Option as to the maximum
percentage of this Stock Option that is then vested pursuant to Section 3
hereof as of the date of death or Disability, the following persons may
exercise the exercisable portion of this Stock Option on behalf of the
Participant at any time prior to the earliest of the dates specified in Section
4 hereof: (i) if the Participant is Disabled, the guardian or legal
representative of the Participant; or (ii) if the Participant dies, the
personal representative of his estate, or the person who acquired the right to
exercise this Stock Option by bequest or inheritance or by reason of the death
of the Participant; provided that this Stock Option shall remain subject to the
other terms of this Agreement, the Plan, and applicable laws, rules, and
regulations.

6. Restrictions. This Stock Option may be exercised only with respect to full
shares, and no fractional share of stock shall be issued.

7. Manner of Exercise. Subject to such administrative regulations as the Board
or the Committee may from time to time adopt, this Stock Option may be
exercised by the delivery of written notice to the Committee setting forth the
number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the Stock Option is to
be exercised, the date of exercise thereof (the "Option Exercise Date") which
shall be at least three (3) days after giving such notice unless an earlier
time shall have been mutually agreed upon, and, if applicable, the number of
Optioned Shares to be exercised under a Nonqualified Stock Option and under an
Incentive Stock Option. On the Option Exercise Date, the Participant shall
deliver to the Company consideration with a value equal to the aggregate Option
Price of the shares to be purchased plus any taxes required to be withheld by
the Company upon exercise of this Stock Option, payable as follows: (a) by
delivery of cash, certified check, bank draft, or money order payable to the
order of the Company, along with a cash letter of authorization available from
the Smith Barney Stock Plan Services web site at www.benefitaccess.com; (b) by
delivery of Common Stock that if acquired from the Company has been held for at
least six months, valued at its Fair Market Value on the Option Exercise Date;
(c) subject to applicable law, by delivery (including by FAX) to the Company or
its designated agent of an executed irrevocable option exercise form together
with irrevocable instructions from the Participant to a broker or dealer,
reasonably acceptable to the Company, to sell certain of the shares of Common
Stock purchased upon exercise of the Stock Option or to pledge such shares as
collateral for a loan and promptly deliver to the Company the amount of sale or
loan proceeds necessary to pay such purchase price; and/or (d) any other form
of payment which is acceptable to the Committee.

Upon payment of all amounts due from the Participant, the Company shall cause
certificates for the Optioned Shares then being purchased to be delivered to
the Participant (or the person exercising the Participant's Stock Option in the
event of his death) electronically or at its principal business office within
ten (10) business days after the Option Exercise Date. Separate certificates
will be delivered for shares issued pursuant to an Incentive Stock Option and
shares issued pursuant to a Nonqualified Stock Option. The obligation of the
Company to deliver shares of Common Stock shall, however, be subject to the
condition that if at any time the Committee shall determine in its discretion
that the listing, registration, or qualification of the Stock Option or the
Optioned Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state or federal law,
or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body, is necessary as
a condition of, or in connection with, the Stock Option or the issuance or
purchase of shares of Common Stock thereunder, then the Stock Option may not be
exercised in whole or in part unless such listing, registration, qualification,
consent, or approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any
conditions not reasonably acceptable to the Committee.

If the Participant fails to pay for any of the Optioned Shares specified in
such notice or fails to accept delivery thereof, then the Participant's right
to purchase such Optioned Shares may be forfeited by the Company.

8. Assignability. This Stock Option is not assignable or transferable by the
Participant except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.

9. Rights as Stockholder. The Participant will have no rights as a stockholder
with respect to any shares covered by this Stock Option until the issuance of a
certificate or certificates to the Participant for the shares. Except as
otherwise provided in Section 10 hereof, no adjustment shall be made for
dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the issuance of
such certificate or certificates.

10. Adjustment of Number of Shares and Related Matters. The number of shares of
Common Stock covered by this Stock Option, and the Option Price thereof, shall
be subject to adjustment in accordance with Articles 13 through 15 of the Plan.

11. Incentive Stock Option. This Stock Option is an Incentive Stock Option. To
the extent the number of Optioned Shares exceeds the limit set forth in Section
6.2 of the Plan, such Optioned Shares shall be deemed granted pursuant to a
Nonqualified Stock Option. In such event, then unless otherwise indicated by
the Participant in the notice of exercise pursuant to Section 7, upon any
exercise of this Stock Option, the number of exercised Optioned Shares that
shall be deemed to be exercised pursuant to an Incentive Stock Option shall
equal the total number of Optioned Shares so exercised multiplied by a
fraction, (a) the numerator of which is the number of unexercised Optioned
Shares that could then be exercised pursuant to an Incentive Stock Option and
(b) the denominator of which is the then total number of unexercised Optioned
Shares that could then be exercised.

12. Disqualifying Disposition. In the event that Common Stock acquired upon
exercise of this Stock Option is disposed of by the Participant in a
"Disqualifying Disposition," such Participant shall notify the Company in
writing within thirty (30) days after such disposition of the date and terms of
such disposition. For purposes hereof, "Disqualifying Disposition" shall mean a
disposition of Common Stock that is acquired upon the exercise of an Incentive
Stock Option prior to the expiration of either two years from the Date of Grant
of such Incentive Stock Option or one year from the transfer of shares to the
Participant pursuant to the exercise of such Incentive Stock Option.

13. Limited Stock Appreciation Right Conversion. Notwithstanding anything
herein or in the Plan to the contrary, immediately prior to the occurrence of a
"change in ownership or control" (as defined in Prop Reg 1.280G-1), this Option
to the extent not then vested, shall be cancelled and in respect of such
cancellation the Participant shall receive a cash payment (less applicable
withholdings) equal to the product of (1) the excess, if any, of the then Fair
Market Value per share of the Company's Common Stock over the Grant Price and
(2) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to this Option that are not
then vested. Any cash payment due to the Participant pursuant to this Section
13 shall be made within three business days of the cancellation.

14. Participant's Representations. Notwithstanding
any of the provisions hereof, the Participant hereby agrees that he will not
exercise the Stock Option granted hereby, and that the Company will not be
obligated to issue any shares to the Participant hereunder, if the exercise
thereof or the issuance of such shares shall constitute a violation by the
Participant or the Company of any provision of any law or regulation of any
governmental authority. Any determination in this connection by the Committee
shall be final, binding, and conclusive. The obligations of the Company and the
rights of the Participant are subject to all applicable laws, rules, and
regulations.

15. Investment Representation. Unless the Common Stock is issued to him in a
transaction registered under applicable federal and state securities laws, by
his or her execution hereof, the Participant represents and warrants to the
Company that all Common Stock which may be purchased hereunder will be acquired
by the Participant for investment purposes for his or her own account and not
with any intent for resale or distribution in violation of federal or state
securities laws. Unless the Common Stock is issued to him in a transaction
registered under the applicable federal and state securities laws, all
certificates issued with respect to the Common Stock shall bear an appropriate
restrictive investment legend.

16. Participant's Acknowledgments. The Participant acknowledges receipt of a
copy of the Plan, which is annexed hereto, and represents that he or she is
familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, and hereby accepts this Option
subject to all the terms and provisions thereof. The Participant hereby agrees
to accept as binding, conclusive, and final all decisions or interpretations of
the Board upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement.

17. Law Governing. This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced
in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (excluding any conflict of
laws rule or principle of Delaware law that might refer the governance,
construction, or interpretation of this agreement to the laws of another
state).

18. No Right to Continue Employment. Nothing herein shall be construed to
confer upon the Participant the right to continue in the employment of the
Company or any Subsidiary or interfere with or restrict in any way the right of
the Company or any Subsidiary to discharge the Participant at any time (subject
to any contract rights of the Participant).

19. Legal Construction. In the event that any one or more of the terms,
provisions, or agreements that are contained in this Agreement shall be held by
a Court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in
any respect for any reason, the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable term,
provision, or agreement shall not affect any other term, provision, or
agreement that is contained in this Agreement and this Agreement shall be
construed in all respects as if the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable term,
provision, or agreement had never been contained herein.

20. Covenants and Agreements as Independent Agreements. Each of the covenants
and agreements that is set forth in this Agreement shall be construed as a
covenant and agreement independent of any other provision of this Agreement.
The existence of any claim or cause of action of the Participant against the
Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not
constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of the covenants and
agreements that are set forth in this Agreement.

21. Entire Agreement. This Agreement together with the Plan and Section 6 of
the Participant's Employment Agreement dated ___________, supersede any and all
other prior understandings and agreements, either oral or in writing, between
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and constitute the sole
and only agreements between the parties with respect to the said subject
matter. All prior negotiations and agreements between the parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof are merged into this Agreement. Each party to this
Agreement acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, or
agreements, orally or otherwise, have been made by any party or by anyone
acting on behalf of any party, which are not embodied in this Agreement or the
Plan and that any agreement, statement or promise that is not contained in this
Agreement or the Plan shall not be valid or binding or of any force or effect.

22. Parties Bound. The terms, provisions, representations, warranties,
covenants, and agreements that are contained in this Agreement shall apply to,
be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective
heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives, and permitted
successors and assigns.

23. Modification. No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid or
binding upon the parties unless the change or modification is in writing and
signed by the parties. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Company may
amend the Plan or revoke this Stock Option to the extent permitted in the Plan.

24. Headings. The headings that are used in this Agreement are used for
reference and convenience purposes only and do not constitute substantive
matters to be considered in construing the terms and provisions of this
Agreement.

25. Gender and Number. Words of any gender used in this Agreement shall be held
and construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular number
shall be held to include the plural, and vice versa, unless the context
requires otherwise.

26. Notice. Any notice required or permitted to be delivered hereunder shall be
deemed to be delivered only when actually received by the Company or by the
Participant, as the case may be, at the addresses set forth below, or at such
other addresses as they have theretofore specified by written notice delivered
in accordance herewith:


Notice to the Company shall be addressed and delivered as follows:

Alamosa Holdings, Inc.
5225 South Loop 289
Suite 120
Lubbock, Texas 79424

ATTENTION: Compensation Committee Chairman

Notice to the Participant shall be addressed and delivered to the Participant's
address listed for the Participant in the Company's payroll system. The
Participant agrees to contact the Company's stock plan administrator to ensure
his or her correct address is listed on the Company payroll system and to
notify the Company of any address changes.
<PAGE>


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed by its
duly authorized officer, and the Participant, to evidence his or her consent
and approval of all the terms hereof, has duly executed this Agreement, as of
the date specified in Section 1 hereof.
ALAMOSA HOLDINGS, INC.

_____________________________________

By: _____________



Participant



__________________________________

Name: __________




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>alamosa10-4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10-4 - STOCK AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                  Exhibit 10.4

                             ALAMOSA HOLDINGS, INC.
                AMENDED & RESTATED 1999 LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN
                      FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT


Name of Grantee:               ______________

Maximum Number
Of Shares of
Restricted Stock:              ______ shares of common stock, $0.01 par value,
                               of Alamosa Holdings, Inc. ("Shares"), subject to
                               achievement of Performance Goals.

Maximum Number
Of Shares of
Bonus Stock:                   ______ Shares, subject to achievement of
                               Performance Goals in excess of Expected
                               Performance.

Per Share Price:               $____

Grant Date:                    _____

Performance Goals:             Minimum Performance - $192,400,000
                               Expected Performance - $240,500,000
                               Exceptional Performance - $288,600,000

Vesting Dates Upon
Which Restrictions
Lapse:                         ________
                               ________


                                * * * * * * * *


                  This Restricted Stock Agreement (this "Agreement") is
executed and delivered as of the Grant Date by and between Alamosa Holdings,
Inc. (the "Company") and the Grantee. The Grantee and the Company hereby agree
as follows:

1.       The Company, pursuant to the Amended and Restated 1999 Long Term
         Incentive Plan, as amended (the "Plan"), which is incorporated herein
         by reference, and subject to the terms and conditions thereof, hereby
         grants to the Grantee the above mentioned Shares of Restricted Stock
         in exchange for a payment of $___ which represents payment of the par
         value of the Shares of Restricted Stock.

2.       From the Grant Date until the date on which all restrictions
         applicable to Shares shall lapse, as indicated above (such period, a
         "Restricted Period"), the Grantee may not sell, assign, transfer,
         donate, pledge or otherwise dispose of Shares subject to a Restricted
         Period. Each certificate representing Restricted Stock shall bear the
         following legend:

                  On the face of the certificate:

                  "Transfer of this stock is restricted in accordance with
                  conditions printed on the reverse of this certificate."

                  On the reverse:

                  "The shares of stock evidenced by this certificate are
                  subject to and transferable only in accordance with that
                  certain Alamosa Holdings, Inc. 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan,
                  a copy of which is on file at the principal office of the
                  Company in Lubbock, Texas. No transfer or pledge of the
                  shares evidenced hereby may be made except in accordance with
                  and subject to the provisions of said Plan. By acceptance of
                  this certificate, any holder, transferee or pledgee hereof
                  agrees to be bound by all of the provisions of said Plan."

         The Grantee shall be entitled to have such legend removed from such
         certificate when all restrictions, as described herein, with respect
         to the Shares of Restricted Stock covered thereby have lapsed.

3.       The Company further grants to the Grantee the right to receive,
         subject to the terms and conditions hereof, up to an aggregate of
         _____ shares of the Company's common stock, free of restrictions, if
         and to the extent the Expected Performance is exceeded (such
         additional shares, "Bonus Stock"). As a condition to issuance of any
         earned Bonus Stock, the Grantee shall be obligated to pay to the
         Company an amount equal to the Per Share Price for each share of such
         Bonus Stock.

4.       Except as set forth below, the number of Shares of Restricted Stock
         and Bonus Stock which shall become earned, subject to the vesting
         restrictions described herein, shall be determined by the Company's
         Effective Performance in relation to the Performance Goals, in
         accordance with the following schedule:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Level of Effective Performance              Number of Shares Earned       Number of Bonus Shares
                                                                                           Earned
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>                    <C>
Less than or Equal to Minimum Performance                    0                      0
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Greater than Minimum Performance up to and
including Expected Performance
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Greater than Expected Performance up to and
including Exceptional Performance
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Greater than Exceptional Performance
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

         The Company's Effective Performance shall be calculated by multiplying
         the Company's Operating Effectiveness Factor (derived from the table
         on Attachment 1) by the Company's EBITDA, each as determined by the
         Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board"), with respect to the
         fiscal year ending on _____.

         (a)      Restricted Stock Pro-rated Vesting. In the event that the
                  Company's Effective Performance is greater than the Minimum
                  Performance but equal to or less than the Expected
                  Performance, the number of Shares of Restricted Stock which
                  shall become earned, subject to the vesting restrictions
                  described herein, shall be a number of Shares, rounded to the
                  nearest whole number, equal to the product of (i) _____
                  multiplied by (ii) a fraction, not to exceed one, the
                  numerator of which is the Company's Effective Performance
                  less the Minimum Performance and the denominator of which is
                  the Expected Performance less the Minimum Performance. Any
                  Shares of Restricted Stock that are not earned as of _____ in
                  accordance with this Section 4 shall be forfeited and
                  cancelled as of such date, the Per Share Price paid with
                  respect to such Shares shall be refunded to the Grantee, and
                  the Grantee shall have no rights with respect to any Shares
                  of Bonus Stock.

         (b)      Bonus Stock Grants. Subject to Sections 5 and 6 hereof, in
                  the event that the Company's Effective Performance is greater
                  than the Expected Performance and equal to or lesser than the
                  Exceptional Performance, the Company shall issue to Grantee,
                  subject to the terms hereof, a number of Shares, rounded to
                  the nearest whole number, equal to the product of (i) _____
                  multiplied by (ii) a fraction, not to exceed one, the
                  numerator of which is the Company's Effective Performance
                  less the Expected Performance and the denominator of which is
                  the Exceptional Performance less the Expected Performance.
                  Any Shares of Bonus Stock earned pursuant to this Section
                  4(b) shall be issued to the Grantee pro rata (rounded to the
                  nearest whole Share) in accordance with the percentages set
                  forth on Page 1, under "Vesting Dates Upon Which Restrictions
                  Lapse."

5.       Except as set forth below, a percentage of the Shares of Restricted
         Stock and shares of Bonus Stock, if any, earned in accordance with
         Section 4 shall vest (in the case of Restricted Stock) or shall be
         issued (in the case of Bonus Stock) on the Vesting Dates, provided the
         Grantee is employed by, or providing services to, the Company on such
         applicable Vesting Date. If the Grantee's employment with, or
         provision of services to, the Company shall terminate for any reason
         while Shares are subject to a Restricted Period, all Shares held by
         the Grantee still subject to a Restricted Period (whether or not
         earned under Section 4 hereof) shall be forfeited upon such
         termination and the Per Share Price paid with respect to such Shares
         shall be refunded to the Grantee, provided, however, that all Shares
         of Restricted Stock shall be deemed earned and all restrictions
         imposed on the Restricted Stock shall lapse immediately prior to
         Grantee's termination of employment for "Good Reason" or if the
         Grantee's employment is terminated by the Company without "Cause" or
         by reason of the Grantee's death or "Disability" (each as defined in
         Grantee's employment agreement with the Company entered into effective
         _____); and provided, further, that no Shares of Bonus Stock shall be
         deemed earned or vestd in connection with such a termination of
         employment.

6.       In the event that, prior to ______, 20__, there shall occur a Change
         of Control, (i) as of immediately prior to such Change of Control, all
         of the Restricted Shares shall be deemed fully earned at the Expected
         Performance Level and (ii) as of immediately prior to such Change of
         Control, the Grantee shall be issued a number of Bonus Stock Shares as
         follows:

         (a)      If such Change of Control occurs during the first calendar
                  quarter of 20__, __ Bonus Stock Shares shall be deemed
                  earned;

         (b)      If such Change of Control occurs during the second calendar
                  quarter of 20__ and the Effective Performance for the period
                  from the beginning of 20__ through the end of the first
                  quarter of 20__ exceeds budgeted EBITDA for such period, a
                  number of Bonus Stock Shares shall be deemed earned, which
                  number shall be determined by multiplying (i) ____ by (ii) a
                  fraction, not to exceed one, the numerator of which is the
                  Company's Effective Performance for such first quarter
                  (capped at 120% of budgeted EBITDA for such period) less
                  budgeted EBITDA for such first quarter and the denominator of
                  which is 120% of budgeted EBITDA for such first quarter less
                  budgeted EBITDA for such period;

         (c)      If such Change of Control occurs during the third calendar
                  quarter of 20__ and the Effective Performance for the period
                  from the beginning of 20__ through the end of the second
                  quarter of 20__ exceeds budgeted EBITDA for such period, a
                  number of Bonus Stock Shares shall be deemed earned, which
                  number shall be determined by multiplying (i) _____ by (ii) a
                  fraction, not to exceed one, the numerator of which is the
                  Company's Effective Performance for such period (capped at
                  120% of budgeted EBITDA for such period) less budgeted EBITDA
                  for such period and the denominator of which is 120% of
                  budgeted EBITDA for such period less budgeted EBITDA for such
                  period.

         (d)      If such Change of Control occurs during the fourth calendar
                  quarter of 20__ and the Effective Performance for the period
                  from the beginning of 20__ through the end of the third
                  quarter of 20__ exceeds budgeted EBITDA for such period, a
                  number of Bonus Stock Shares shall be deemed earned, which
                  number shall be determined by multiplying (i) _____ by (ii) a
                  fraction, not to exceed one, the numerator of which is the
                  Company's Effective Performance for such period (capped at
                  120% of budgeted EBITDA for such period) less budgeted EBITDA
                  for such period and the denominator of which is 120% of
                  budgeted EBITDA for such period less budgeted EBITDA for such
                  period.

7.       During the Restricted Period, the Grantee shall have the right to vote
         Shares of Restricted Stock and to receive any dividends or
         distributions paid on such Shares. The Grantee shall have no rights
         with respect to Bonus Stock until such time as such shares have been
         issued to the Grantee and the Per Share Price therefor has been paid
         by the Grantee.

8.       The Shares shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock
         dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares or other
         change in capitalization with a similar substantive effect upon the
         Plan or the Restricted Stock. The Board shall have the power and sole
         discretion to determine the nature and amount of the adjustment to be
         made, if any. Any adjustment so made shall be final and binding.

9.       The obligation of the Company to deliver any stock under this
         Agreement is specifically subject to all provisions of the Plan and
         all applicable laws, rules, regulations and governmental and
         stockholder approvals.

10.      Any notice by the Grantee to the Company hereunder shall be in writing
         and shall be deemed duly given only upon receipt thereof by the
         Company at its principal offices. Any notice by the Company to the
         Grantee shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given if mailed
         to the Grantee at the address last specified to the Company by the
         Grantee.

11.      The Grantee shall pay to the Company promptly upon request, and in any
         event at the time the Grantee recognizes taxable income in respect of
         the Restricted Shares (or if the Grantee makes an election under
         Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
         "Code"), in connection with such grant), an amount equal to the taxes
         the Company determines it is required to withhold under applicable tax
         laws with respect to the Restricted Shares. Such payment shall be made
         in the form of cash, shares of Common Stock already owned (for at
         least six months) or otherwise issuable upon the lapse of
         restrictions, or in a combination of such methods, subject to the
         terms of the Plan. If Shares otherwise issuable upon vesting of
         Restricted Stock are used to pay withholding taxes, the value of such
         shares shall not be in excess of the minimum statutorily required
         withholding. The Grantee shall promptly notify the Company of any
         election made pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code. Grantee
         acknowledges that it is Grantee's sole responsibility and not the
         Company's to file timely the election under Section 83(b) of the Code,
         in the event Grantee desires to make such election.

12.      Grantee hereby grants to the Company a power of attorney to transfer
         any Shares that are forfeited hereunder and shall execute any
         documents requested by the Company in connection with such forfeiture
         and transfer. Grantee agrees that any provisions regarding returns and
         transfers of stock certificates with respect to forfeited Shares are
         specifically performable by the Company in a court of equity or law.

13.      This Agreement may be amended or modified at any time only by an
         instrument in writing signed by each of the parties hereto.

14.      This Agreement shall apply to and bind the Grantee and the Company and
         their respective permitted assignees and transferees, heirs, legatees,
         executors, administrators and legal successors.

15.      Neither the grant of Restricted Stock and the Bonus Stock, this
         Agreement nor any other action taken pursuant to this Agreement shall
         constitute or be evidence of any agreement or understanding, express
         or implied, that Grantee has a right to continue to provide services
         as an officer, director, employee or consultant of the Company for any
         period of time or at any specific rate of compensation.

16.      The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of
         this Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such
         provision or of any other provision hereof.

17.      The validity and construction of this Agreement shall be governed by
         the laws of the State of Delaware (excluding any conflict of law, rule
         or principle of Delaware law that might refer the governance,
         construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the laws of
         another state).


                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to
be executed by a duly authorized representative and the Grantee has hereunto
set his hand as of the Grant Date.


                                         ALAMOSA HOLDINGS, INC:


                                         By:___________________________________
                                            Name:
                                            Title:


                                            ___________________________________
                                            Grantee: ___________



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
