-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 JhbYmmIPcVKDshTNHNc27n/xrORlSNfcprCgsmBIM3ivs3JJs4r/Eu/zJVe/ELw1
 IU+IzlVj4lvb5sSbqXq7/g==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001224608-04-000041.txt : 20041221
<SEC-HEADER>0001224608-04-000041.hdr.sgml : 20041221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041221085850
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001224608-04-000041
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CONSECO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001224608
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ACCIDENT & HEALTH INSURANCE [6321]
		IRS NUMBER:				753108137
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31792
		FILM NUMBER:		041215733

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11825 N PENNSYLVANIA ST
		CITY:			CARMEL
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46032
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3178176100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11825 NORTH PENNSYLVANIA STREET
		CITY:			CARMEL
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46032
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cnc.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                   -----------

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT

                       Pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of
                       the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

                                   -----------

       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 20, 2004


                                  CONSECO, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


   Delaware                               001-31792               75-3108137
- ----------------------                 ----------------        --------------
(State or other                          (Commission          (I.R.S. Employer
jurisdiction of                          File Number)        Identification No.)
organization)

11825 North Pennsylvania Street
        Carmel, Indiana                                             46032
- --------------------------------------                            ----------
(Address of principal executive offices)                          (Zip Code)

                                 (317) 817-6100
                            -------------------------
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)


                                 Not Applicable
                                ----------------
                        (Former name or former address,
                          if changed since last report)


     Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

     [ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
(17 CFR 230.425)

     [ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14a-12)

     [ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

     [ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


<PAGE>


Item 5.02.  Departure of Directors or Principal  Officers;  Election of
            Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers.

     On December 20, 2004, Conseco, Inc. ("Conseco") appointed James E. Hohmann
as its Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer. Mr. Hohmann,
age 48, will have responsibility for legal, actuarial, new product development,
strategic planning and business development functions. Mr. Hohmann entered into
an employment agreement with Conseco for an initial term ending December 31,
2008. Pursuant to his employment agreement, Mr. Hohmann will receive a salary of
$450,000 per year and the opportunity to earn a bonus of up to 200 percent of
his base salary, with a target bonus equal to 100 percent of his base salary.
His bonus for 2004 (payable in March 2005) will be $150,000, and he is
guaranteed a bonus for 2005 of not less than $450,000. In addition, Mr. Hohmann
is entitled to a cash bonus of $450,000 on January 1, 2005. Mr. Hohmann has been
granted options to purchase 200,000 shares of Conseco common stock at an
exercise price of $19.40 per share (the closing sales price of the stock on
December 20, 2004). The options vest in four equal annual installments beginning
December 20, 2005. Mr. Hohmann was also awarded 100,000 shares of restricted
stock, 50 percent of which will vest on December 20, 2006 with the other 50
percent vesting on December 20, 2007. The employment agreement between Mr.
Hohmann and Conseco is attached to this Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.16.

     Mr. Hohmann was President and CEO of XL Life and Annuity from 2001 to
December 2004. At XL, he was responsible for the creation of XL Capital's
U.S.-based life insurance platform and related businesses, and formed XL Life
and Annuity Holding. From 1998 to 2001, he was president, financial institutions
for Zurich Kemper Life and before that was the managing partner of the
Tillinghast Life Insurance Practice in Chicago for Towers Perrin.

     Attached as Exhibit 99.1 is a copy of a press release issued by Conseco
announcing the appointment of James E. Hohmann.


Item 7.01   Regulation FD Disclosure.

     Attached as Exhibit 99.2 is a copy of a press release issued by Conseco
announcing the appointment of Anthony B. Zehnder as Executive Vice President,
Corporate Communications.


Item 9.01   Financial Statements and Exhibits.


    (c)  Exhibits

         10.16 Employment Agreement dated as of November 29, 2004 between
               Conseco, Inc. and James E. Hohmann.


         99.1  Press release of Conseco, Inc. issued December 20, 2004.

         99.2  Press release of Conseco, Inc. issued December 20, 2004.



<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

                                           CONSECO, INC.

December 20, 2004
                                           By:  /s/ Eugene M. Bullis
                                                ------------------------
                                                Eugene M. Bullis
                                                  Executive Vice President and
                                                  Chief Financial Officer











</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>hohmannempl.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.16
<TEXT>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.16


                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

     This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, dated as of the 29th day of November, 2004, is
between Conseco, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Company"), and James E. Hohmann
("Executive").

     WHEREAS, the services of Executive and his managerial and professional
experience are of value to the Company.

     WHEREAS, the Company desires to continue to have the benefit and advantage
of the services of Executive for an extended period to assist the Company upon
the terms and conditions set forth herein.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants
contained herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the parties agree as follows:

     1. Employment. The Company hereby employs Executive and Executive hereby
accepts employment upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

     2. Term. The effective date of this agreement (the "Agreement") shall be
the date set forth above (the "Effective Date"). Subject to the provisions for
termination as provided in Section 10 hereof, the term of Executive's employment
under this Agreement shall be the period beginning on the Effective Date and
ending on December 31, 2008. The term of Executive's employment shall be
automatically renewed for successive one-year terms on January 1, 2009 and each
succeeding January 1st unless either party elects not to renew this Agreement by
serving written notice of such election not to renew on the other party at least
90 days prior to such January 1st. As used in this Agreement, the "Term" is the
period ending on December 31, 2008 or, if this Agreement has been renewed, the
one-year period relating to the last renewal. The Term shall end upon the
termination of Executive's employment with the Company. The "Initial Term" shall
be the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the earlier of
December 31, 2008 or the date of Executive's termination of employment with the
Company.

     3. Duties. During the Term, Executive shall be engaged by the Company in
the capacity of Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of the
Company. Executive shall report to the Chief Executive Officer regarding the
performance of his duties. As Chief Administrative Officer Executive shall have
direct responsibility for the following functions: Legal (the General Counsel
shall report directly to Executive), Actuarial, New Product Development, Closed
Block, Strategic Planning and Business Development.

     4. Extent of Services. During the Term, subject to the direction and
control of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the board of directors
of the Company (the "Board"), Executive shall have the power and authority
commensurate with his executive status and necessary to perform his duties
hereunder. Executive shall devote his entire employable time, attention and best
efforts to the business of the Company and, during the Term, shall not, without
the consent of the Company, be actively engaged in any other business activity,
whether or not such business activity is pursued for gain, profit or other
pecuniary advantage; provided, however, that, subject to Section 9 hereof, this
shall not be construed as preventing Executive

<PAGE>

from serving on boards of professional, community, civic, education, charitable
and corporate organizations on which he presently serves or may choose to serve
or investing his assets in such form or manner as will not require any services
on the part of Executive in the operation of the affairs of the companies in
which such investments are made (to the extent not in violation of the
noncompete listed in Section 9 hereof); provided, however, that corporate
organizations shall be limited to those mutually agreed upon by Executive and
the Company.

     5. Compensation. During the Term:

          (a) As compensation for services hereunder rendered during the Term
     hereof, Executive shall receive a base salary ("Base Salary") of Four
     Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($450,000) per year payable in equal
     installments in accordance with the Company's payroll procedure for its
     salaried executives. Salary payments and other payments under this
     Agreement shall be subject to withholding of taxes and other appropriate
     and customary amounts. Executive may receive increases in his Base Salary
     from time to time, based upon his performance, subject to approval of the
     Board or the Compensation Committee thereof.

          (b) In addition to Base Salary, Executive will have an opportunity to
     earn a bonus each year as determined by the Board or the Compensation
     Committee thereof, with a target annual bonus equal to 100% of Executive's
     Base Salary (the "Target Bonus") and a maximum annual bonus of 200% of his
     Base Salary with respect to any calendar year, with such bonus payable at
     such time that other similar payments are made to other Company executives.
     For purposes of clarification, annual executive bonuses are generally paid
     in March of the year following the year with respect to which such bonuses
     are payable, if Executive remains employed with the Company through such
     date or as otherwise payable under the Company's severance policy for
     senior officers. Notwithstanding the above, Executive will be awarded a
     calendar year 2004 performance period bonus of One Hundred and Fifty
     Thousand Dollars ($150,000) in March of 2005 (the "2004 Bonus") and, for
     the calendar year 2005 performance period, Executive is guaranteed a
     minimum bonus equal to the Target Bonus (100% of Executive's Base Salary).
     However, Executive may be awarded a calendar year 2005 performance bonus
     greater than the Target Bonus. Performance requirements for Target Bonuses
     will be based on financial and other objective targets that the Board
     reasonably believes are reasonably attainable at the time that they are
     set.

          (c) Executive is entitled to a cash bonus of Four Hundred Fifty
     Thousand Dollars ($450,000) payable as soon as reasonably practicable on or
     after January 1, 2005.

          (d) As soon as reasonably practicable after the execution of this
     Agreement, Executive will receive an initial award of options to purchase
     200,000 shares of common stock (the "Initial Option Grant") with an
     exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of the grant and
     an initial award of 100,000 shares of restricted stock (the "Initial
     Restricted Stock Grant"). One hundred percent (100%) of the options will
     vest over a 4-year period beginning on the date of the grant of the equity
     awards (the "Grant Date"), with one-fourth vesting on each anniversary of
     the Grant Date. Fifty percent (50%) of the restricted stock will vest on
     the second anniversary of the Grant Date, with the other fifty percent
     (50%) vesting on the third anniversary of the Grant Date. Executive shall
     also be eligible to participate in and receive future grants under any
     stock option or

                                       2
<PAGE>

     equity-based program offered by the Company to executives of similar title
     and level of responsibility, subject to the discretion of the Board.

     6. Fringe Benefits. During the Term:

          (a) Executive shall be entitled to participate in such existing
     executive benefit plans and insurance programs offered by the Company, or
     which it may adopt from time to time, for its executive management or
     supervisory personnel generally, in accordance with the eligibility
     requirements for participation therein. Nothing herein shall be construed
     so as to prevent the Company from modifying or terminating any executive
     benefit plans or programs, or executive fringe benefits, that it may adopt
     from time to time.

          (b) Executive shall be entitled to six weeks of vacation with pay each
     year and will not be eligible for any other paid-time-off program (other
     than paid holidays).

          (c) Executive may incur reasonable expenses for promoting the
     Company's business, including expenses for entertainment, travel, and
     similar items. The Company shall reimburse Executive for all such
     reasonable expenses upon Executive's periodic presentation of an itemized
     account of such expenditures. The Company agrees to pay Executive an
     additional amount to cover the incremental additional income taxes incurred
     by Executive, if any, with respect to payment or reimbursement of any
     reasonable business expenses pursuant to this subsection (c).

          (d) In lieu of any insurance on the life of Executive offered by the
     Company pursuant to Section 6(a) hereof, the Company shall reimburse
     Executive for up to $5,000 per year for premiums on term life insurance
     policies on the life of Executive as in effect on the date hereof.

     7. Disability. If Executive shall become physically or mentally disabled
during the Term to the extent that his ability to perform his duties and
services hereunder is materially and adversely impaired, his Base Salary, bonus
and other compensation provided herein shall continue while he remains employed
by the Company; provided, that if such disability (as confirmed by competent
medical evidence) continues for at least six (6) consecutive months, the Company
may terminate Executive's employment hereunder, in which case the Company
immediately shall pay Executive cash payments equal to (i) his annual Base
Salary as provided in Section 5(a) hereof to the extent earned but unpaid as of
the date of termination, (ii) a pro-rata portion of the Target Bonus for the
year in which his disability occurs plus the Target Bonus for the preceding year
if his disability occurs after year-end but before such bonuses are paid and
(iii) the 2004 Bonus and the bonus payable pursuant to Section 5(c) (in each
case to the extent not already paid). Any options or restricted stock held by
Executive on the date of termination shall vest only through the date of
termination according to the normal vesting schedule applicable to such options
or restricted, except that Executive shall receive additional vesting credit
with respect to the Initial Option Grant (but not above 100%) as if he had
remained employed by the Company until the next succeeding anniversary of the
grant date of the Initial Option Grant described in Section 5(d) and if
Executive is not vested in any portion of the Initial Restricted Stock Grant,
25,000 shares of restricted stock under the Initial Restricted Stock Grant shall
fully vest. No payments or vesting under this paragraph will be made if such
disability arose primarily from (a) chronic

                                       3
<PAGE>

use of intoxicants, drugs or narcotics (other than drugs prescribed to Executive
by a physician and used by Executive for their intended purpose for which they
had been prescribed) or (b) intentionally self-inflicted injury or intentionally
self-induced illness.

     8. Disclosure of Information. Executive acknowledges that in and as a
result of his employment with the Company, he has been and will be making use
of, acquiring and/or adding to confidential information of the Company and its
affiliates of a special and unique nature and value. As a material inducement to
the Company to enter into this Agreement and to pay to Executive the
compensation stated in Section 5, as well as any additional benefits stated
herein, Executive covenants and agrees that he shall not, at any time while he
is employed by the Company or at any time thereafter, directly or indirectly,
divulge or disclose for any purpose whatsoever, any confidential information
(whether or not specifically labeled or identified as "confidential
information"), in any form or medium, that has been obtained by or disclosed to
him as a result of his employment with the Company and which the Company or any
of its affiliates has taken appropriate steps to safeguard, except to the extent
that such confidential information (a) becomes a matter of public record or is
published in a newspaper, magazine or other periodical available to the general
public, other than as a result of any act or omission of Executive, (b) is
required to be disclosed by any law, regulation or order of any court or
regulatory commission, department or agency, in which event Executive shall give
prompt notice of such requirement to the Company to enable the Company to seek
an appropriate protective order or confidential treatment, or (c) must be
disclosed to enable Executive properly to perform his duties under this
Agreement. Upon the termination of Executive's employment, Executive shall
return such information (in whatever form) obtained from or belonging to the
Company or any of its affiliates which he may have in his possession or control.

     9. Covenants Against Competition and Solicitation. Executive acknowledges
that the services he is to render to the Company and its affiliates are of a
special and unusual character, with a unique value to the Company and its
affiliates, the loss of which cannot adequately be compensated by damages or an
action at law. In view of the unique value to the Company and its affiliates of
the services of Executive for which the Company has contracted hereunder,
because of the confidential information to be obtained by, or disclosed to,
Executive as set forth in Section 8 above, and as a material inducement to the
Company to enter into this Agreement and to pay to Executive the compensation
stated in Section 5 hereof, as well as any additional benefits stated herein,
and other good and valuable consideration, Executive covenants and agrees that:

          (a) throughout the period Executive remains employed and for two years
     thereafter, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, anywhere in the
     United States of America, (i) solicit or attempt to convert to other
     insurance carriers or other corporations, persons or other entities
     providing these same or similar products or services provided by the
     Company and its affiliates, any customers or policyholders of the Company
     or any of its affiliates or (ii) solicit for employment or knowingly employ
     any employee of the Company or any of its affiliates;

          (b) throughout the period Executive remains employed and for one year
     thereafter, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, anywhere in the
     United States of America (i) render any services, as an agent, independent
     contractor, consultant or otherwise, or become employed or compensated by
     any other corporation, person or

                                       4
<PAGE>
     entity that derives a non-incidental portion of its revenue from the
     business of selling or providing long-term care or health-related insurance
     products or services or (ii) in any manner compete with the Company or any
     of its affiliates with respect to long-term care or health-related
     insurance lines of business; provided, however, that if Executive resigns,
     Executive may serve as a consultant (other than with respect to matters
     relating to long-term care or health insurance products or services) for
     such companies that the Chief Executive Officer of the Company consents to
     (such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld where actual competition
     is not, in the Chief Executive Officer's sole judgment, deemed to be
     significant or meaningful) and provided further that in the event Executive
     serves as such a consultant, all severance payments and other ongoing
     obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall cease; or

          (c) throughout the Initial Term or, if later, the period ending on the
     first anniversary following the date Executive terminates employment during
     the Initial Term, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, anywhere in
     the United States of America (i) render any services, as an agent,
     independent contractor, consultant or otherwise, or become employed or
     compensated by any other corporation, person or entity that derives a
     non-incidental portion of its revenue from the business of selling or
     providing annuity, life, or accident insurance products or services or (ii)
     in any manner compete with the Company or any of its affiliates with
     respect to annuity, life or accident lines of business that the Company and
     its affiliates derive more than a non-incidental portion of their revenue
     from or with respect to which the Company and its affiliates have made a
     significant investment in; provided, however, that if Executive resigns
     during the initial Term, Executive may serve as a consultant (other than
     with respect to matters relating to long-term care or health insurance
     products or services) for such companies that the Chief Executive Officer
     of the Company consents to (such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld
     where actual competition is not, in the Chief Executive Officer's sole
     judgment, deemed to be significant or meaningful) and provided further that
     in the event Executive serves as such a consultant, all severance payments
     and other ongoing obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall
     cease.

Should any particular covenant or provision of this Section 9 be held
unreasonable or contrary to public policy for any reason, including, without
limitation, the time period, geographical area, or scope of activity covered by
any restrictive covenant or provision, the Company and Executive acknowledge and
agree that such covenant or provision shall automatically be deemed modified
such that the contested covenant or provision shall have the closest effect
permitted by applicable law to the original form and shall be given effect and
enforced as so modified to whatever extent would be reasonable and enforceable
under applicable law.

     10. Termination.

          (a) Either the Company or Executive may terminate his employment at
     any time for any reason upon written notice to the other. The Company may
     terminate Executive's employment for Just Cause pursuant to Section 10(b)
     below or in a Control Termination pursuant to Section 10(c) below.
     Executive's employment shall also terminate (i) upon the death of Executive
     or (ii) after disability of Executive pursuant to Section 7 hereof.

                                       5
<PAGE>
          (b) The Company may terminate Executive's employment at any time for
     Just Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, "Just Cause" shall mean: (i)
     (A) a material breach by Executive of this Agreement, (B) a material breach
     of Executive's duty of loyalty to the Company or its affiliates, or (C)
     willful malfeasance or fraud or dishonesty of a substantial nature in
     performing Executive's services on behalf of the Company or its affiliates,
     which in each case is willful and deliberate on Executive's part and
     committed in bad faith or without reasonable belief that such breach or
     action is in the best interests of the Company or its affiliates; (ii)
     Executive's use of alcohol or drugs (other than drugs prescribed to
     Executive by a physician and used by Executive for their intended purposes
     for which they had been prescribed) or other repeated conduct which
     materially and repeatedly interferes with the performance of his duties
     hereunder, which materially compromises the integrity or the reputation of
     the Company or its affiliates, or which results in other substantial
     economic harm to the Company or its affiliates; (iii) Executive's
     conviction by a court of law, admission that he is guilty, or entry of a
     plea of nolo contendere with regard to a felony or other crime involving
     moral turpitude; (iv) Executive's unscheduled absence from his employment
     duties other than as a result of illness or disability, for whatever cause,
     for a period of more than ten (10) consecutive days, without consent from
     the Company prior to the expiration of the ten (10) day period; or (v)
     Executive's failure to take action or to abstain from taking action, as
     directed in writing by a member of the board or a higher ranking executive
     of the Company, where such failure continues after Executive has been given
     written notice of such failure and at least five (5) business days
     thereafter to cure such failure.

     No termination shall be deemed to be a termination by the Company for Just
Cause if the termination is as a result of Executive refusing to act in a manner
that would be a violation of applicable law.

     (c) The Company may terminate Executive's employment in a Control
Termination. A "Control Termination" shall mean any termination by the Company
(or its successor) of Executive's employment for any reason within six months in
anticipation of or within two years following a Change in Control of the
Company.

     The term "Change in Control" shall mean the occurrence of any of the
     following:

          (i) the acquisition (other than an acquisition in connection with a
     "Non-Control Transaction") by any "person" (as such term is used in
     Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
     (the "1934 Act")) of "beneficial ownership" (as such term is defined in
     Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, of
     securities of the Company or its Ultimate Parent representing 51% or more
     of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the
     Company or its Ultimate Parent entitled to vote generally with respect to
     the election of the board of directors of the Company or its Ultimate
     Parent; or

          (ii) as a result of or in connection with a tender or exchange offer
     or contest for election of directors, individual board members of the
     Company (identified as of the date of commencement of such tender or

                                       6
<PAGE>
     exchange offer, or the commencement of such election contest, as the case
     may be) cease to constitute at least a majority of the board of directors
     of the Company; or

          (iii) the consummation of a merger, consolidation or reorganization
     with or into the Company unless (x) the stockholders of the Company
     immediately before such transaction beneficially own, directly or
     indirectly, immediately following such transaction securities representing
     51% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities
     entitled to vote generally with respect to the election of the board of
     directors of the Company (or its successor) or, if applicable, the Ultimate
     Parent and (y) individual board members of the Company (identified as of
     the date that a binding agreement providing for such transaction is signed)
     constitute at least a majority of the board of directors of the Company (or
     its successor) or, if applicable, the Ultimate Parent (a transaction to
     which clauses (x) and (y) apply, a "Non-Control Transaction").

     For purposes of this Agreement, "Ultimate Parent" shall mean the parent
     corporation (or if there is more than one parent corporation, the ultimate
     parent corporation) that, following a transaction, directly or indirectly
     beneficially owns a majority of the voting power of the outstanding
     securities entitled to vote with respect to the election of the board of
     directors of the Company (or its successor).

          (d) At Executive's option, he may terminate employment with the
     Company "With Reason" provided one of more of the following conditions are
     met: (i) his role or duties have been materially diminished by changes in
     responsibilities or authority; (ii) Executive is required to report to
     anyone other than the Chief Executive Officer, the Board or the
     Compensation Committee thereof; (iii) Executive is required to relocate his
     primary office more than 25 miles from the Merchandise Mart in Chicago,
     Illinois, without Executive's consent, or (iv) there is a "Change in
     Control" of the company as defined in Section 10(c) and, following
     Executive's written request made prior to the Change in Control, the
     ultimate parent entity or entities directly or indirectly gaining control
     of a majority of the Company's Board or outstanding securities entitled to
     vote with respect to the Company's Board fails to affirm and guarantee the
     Company's current and future obligations under this Agreement.

          (e) Upon termination of Executive's employment with the Company for
     any reason (whether voluntary or involuntary), Executive shall be deemed to
     have voluntarily resigned from all positions that Executive may then hold
     with the Company and any of its affiliates; provided that such deemed
     resignation shall not adversely affect Executive's rights to compensation
     or benefits under this Agreement and shall not affect the determination of
     whether Executive's termination was for Just Cause or With Reason.

     11. Payments Following Termination.

          (a) In the event Executive's employment is terminated by the Company
     for Just Cause as so defined, upon non-renewal by the Company or Executive
     or if Executive voluntarily resigns, then the Company immediately shall pay
     Executive a cash payment of his Base Salary as provided in Section 5(a)
     hereof that was earned but unpaid as of the date of termination. Any
     options or restricted stock held by Executive on the date of

                                       7
<PAGE>
     termination shall vest only through the date of termination according to
     the normal vesting schedule applicable to such options or restricted stock,
     and Executive shall not receive any accelerated or additional vesting of
     such stock or options on or after such date.

          (b) In the event Executive's employment is terminated by the death of
     Executive, then the Company shall pay Executive's estate (i) a lump sum of
     the remaining payments of Base Salary described in Section 5(a) that would
     have been payable to Executive through the date of death, (ii) a pro-rata
     portion of the Target Bonus for the year in which his death occurs plus the
     Target Bonus for the preceding year if his death occurs after year-end but
     before such bonuses are paid and (iii) the 2004 Bonus and the bonus payable
     pursuant to Section 5(c) (in each case to the extent not already paid). Any
     options or restricted stock held by Executive on the date of termination
     shall vest only through the date of termination according to the normal
     vesting schedule applicable to such options or restricted stock, except
     that Executive shall receive additional vesting credit with respect to the
     Initial Option Grant (but not above 100%) as if he had remained employed by
     the Company until the next succeeding anniversary of the grant date of the
     Initial Option Grant described in Section 5(d) and if Executive is not
     vested in any portion of the Initial Restricted Stock Grant, 25,000 shares
     of restricted stock under the Initial Restricted Stock Grant shall fully
     vest.

          (c) In the event that Executive is terminated by the Company without
     Just Cause (and other than non-renewal, death, disability or a Control
     Termination) or by Executive With Reason, then the Company shall pay
     Executive (i) on a basis consistent with the timing of the Company's normal
     payroll processing, the remaining payments of Base Salary described in
     Section 5(a) that would have been payable to Executive through the date of
     his termination of employment, (ii) a pro-rata portion of the Target Bonus
     for the year in which his termination occurs plus the Target Bonus for the
     preceding year if his termination occurs after year-end but before such
     bonuses are paid, (iii) the 2004 Bonus and the bonus payable pursuant to
     Section 5(c) (in each case to the extent not already paid), and (iv) twelve
     (12) months of his Base Salary plus Target Bonus (in the form of salary
     continuation on a pro-rata basis with or without medical and dental
     benefits, at Executive's election and cost). Any options or restricted
     stock held by Executive on the date of termination shall vest only through
     the date of termination according to the normal vesting schedule applicable
     to such options or restricted stock, except that Executive shall receive
     additional vesting credit with respect to the Initial Option Grant (but not
     above 100%) as if he had remained employed by the Company until the next
     succeeding anniversary of the grant date of the Initial Option Grant
     described in Section 5(d) and if Executive is not vested in any portion of
     the Initial Restricted Stock Grant, 25,000 shares of restricted stock under
     the Initial Restricted Stock Grant shall fully vest.

          (d) In the event that Executive is terminated by the Company (or its
     successor) in a Control Termination as so defined, then the Company shall
     pay Executive (i) on a basis consistent with the timing of the Company's
     normal payroll processing, the remaining payments of Base Salary described
     in Section 5(a) that would have been payable to Executive through the date
     of his termination of employment, (ii) a pro-rata portion of the Target
     Bonus for the year in which his termination occurs plus the Target

                                       8
<PAGE>
     Bonus for the preceding year if his termination occurs after year-end but
     before such bonuses are paid, (iii) the 2004 Bonus and the bonus payable
     pursuant to Section 5(c) (in each case to the extent not already paid) and
     (iv) twenty-four (24) months of his Base Salary and Target Bonus (in the
     form of salary continuation on a pro-rata basis with or without medical and
     dental benefits, at Executive's election and cost). To the extent that
     Executive is terminated in a Control Termination that occurs in
     anticipation of a Change in Control, any options or restricted stock held
     by Executive shall fully vest, retroactive to the date of termination, upon
     the occurrence of the Change in Control.

          (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event that
     Executive's employment terminates, the Company shall pay to Executive, in
     accordance with its standard payroll practice, Executive's accrued
     vacation.

          (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, payment of any
     post-termination moneys or benefits under this Agreement is conditioned
     upon the execution by Executive of a separation and release agreement, in a
     form that is consistent in all material respects with the provisions and
     protections set forth herein and reasonably acceptable to the Company and
     Executive, and the observation of such waiting or revocation periods, if
     any, before and after execution of the agreement by Executive as are
     required by law, such as, for example, the waiting or revocation periods
     required for a waiver and release to be effective with respect to claims
     under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, provided that the Company
     delivers to Executive such agreement within seven days of the date of his
     termination.

     12. Change in Control. In the event of a Change in Control, Executive will
be entitled to the full vesting of any options and restricted stock held by
Executive on the date of such Change in Control.

     13. Character of Termination Payments. The amounts payable to Executive
upon any termination of his employment shall be considered severance pay in
consideration of past services rendered on behalf of the Company and his
continued service from the date hereof to the date he becomes entitled to such
payments and shall be the sole amount of severance pay to which Executive is
entitled from the Company and its affiliates upon termination of his employment.
Executive shall have no duty to mitigate his damages by seeking other employment
and, should Executive actually receive compensation from any such other
employment, the payments required hereunder shall not be reduced or offset by
any such other compensation.

     14. Representations of the Parties.

          (a) The Company represents and warrants to Executive that (i) this
     Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company
     and constitutes valid and binding obligations of the Company; and (ii) the
     employment of Executive on the terms and conditions contained in this
     Agreement will not conflict with, result in a breach or violation of,
     constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any
     lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company
     pursuant to: (A) the certificate of formation, (B) the terms of any
     indenture, contract, lease, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan agreement
     or other agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or

                                       9
<PAGE>
     instrument to which the Company is a party or bound or to which its
     property is subject, or (C) any statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment,
     order or decree applicable to the Company, or any regulatory body,
     administrative agency, governmental body, arbitrator or other authority
     having jurisdiction over the Company.

          (b) Executive represents and warrants to the Company that: (i) this
     Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Executive and constitutes
     a valid and binding obligation of Executive; and (ii) neither the execution
     of this Agreement by Executive nor his employment by the Company on the
     terms and conditions contained herein will conflict with, result in a
     breach or violation of, or constitute a default under any agreement,
     obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to which Executive is a party
     or bound or to which his property is subject, or any statute, law, rule,
     regulation, judgment, order or decree applicable to Executive of any court,
     regulatory body, administrative agency, governmental body, arbitrator or
     other authority having jurisdiction over Executive or any of his property.

     15. Arbitration of Disputes; Injunctive Relief.

          (a) Except as provided in subsection (b) below, any controversy or
     claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof,
     shall be settled by binding arbitration in the City of Indianapolis,
     Indiana, in accordance with the laws of the State of Indiana by three
     arbitrators, one of whom shall be appointed by the Company, one by
     Executive, and the third of whom shall be appointed by the first two
     arbitrators. If the first two arbitrators cannot agree on the appointment
     of a third arbitrator, then the third arbitrator shall be appointed by the
     Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District
     of Indiana. The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the rules
     of the American Arbitration Association, except with respect to the
     selection of arbitrators, which shall be as provided in this Section.
     Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any
     court having jurisdiction thereof. Each party shall pay its own costs and
     expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement,
     regardless of the final outcome.

          (b) Executive acknowledges that a breach or threatened breach by
     Executive of Sections 8 or 9 of this Agreement will give rise to
     irreparable injury to the Company and that money damages will not be
     adequate relief for such injury. Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, the
     Company and Executive agree that the Company may seek and obtain injunctive
     relief, including, without limitation, temporary restraining orders,
     preliminary injunctions and/or permanent injunctions, in a court of proper
     jurisdiction to restrain or prohibit a breach or threatened breach of
     Section 8 or 9 of this Agreement. Nothing herein shall be construed as
     prohibiting the Company from pursuing any other remedies available to the
     Company for such breach or threatened breach, including the recovery of
     damages from Executive.

     16. Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given under this
Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and if sent by registered mail to
his residence, in the case of Executive, or to the business office of its
General Counsel, in the case of the Company.

                                       10
<PAGE>
     17. Waiver of Breach and Severability. The waiver by either party of a
breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party shall not operate
or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by either party. In the
event any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable,
it may be severed from the Agreement, and the remaining provisions of the
Agreement shall continue to be binding and effective.

     18. Entire Agreement. Other than any equity award agreements entered into
pursuant to the Conseco, Inc. 2003 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan or any
subsequent equity incentive plan. This instrument contains the entire agreement
of the parties and, as of the Effective Date, supersedes all other obligations
of the Company and its affiliates under other agreements or otherwise. The
compensation and benefits to be paid under the terms of this Agreement are in
lieu of all other compensation or benefits to which Executive is entitled from
the Company and its affiliates. This Agreement may not be changed orally, but
only by an instrument in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of
any waiver, change, modification, extension or discharge is sought.

     19. Binding Agreement and Governing Law; Assignment Limited. This Agreement
shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties and their
lawful successors in interest (including, without limitation, Executive's
estate, heirs and personal representatives) and, except for issues or matters as
to which federal law is applicable, shall be construed in accordance with and
governed by the laws of the State of Indiana. This Agreement is personal to each
of the parties hereto, and neither party may assign or delegate any of its
rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other.

     20. No Third Party Beneficiaries. The terms and provisions of this
Agreement are intended solely for the benefit of each party hereto and their
respective successors or permitted assigns, and it is not intended to confer
third-party beneficiary rights upon any other person.

     21. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument.


                                    * * * * *

                                       11
<PAGE>



     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date
first above written, effective as of the Effective Date.


                                           COMPANY:
                                           CONSECO, INC.

                                           /s/William S. Kirsch
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           William S. Kirsch
                                           President and Chief Executive Officer


                                           EXECUTIVE:

                                           /s/James E. Hohmann
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           James E. Hohmann










                                       12

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>hohmann.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1

NEWS

For Release          Immediate


Contacts             (News Media) Anthony Zehnder, EVP, Corporate Communications
                     312.396.7086
                     (Investors) Tammy Hill, SVP, Investor Relations
                     317.817.2893


              Hohmann Joins Conseco as Executive Vice President and
                          Chief Administrative Officer

Carmel, Indiana, December 20, 2004 - Conseco, Inc. (NYSE:CNO) today announced
that James E. Hohmann has been named executive vice president and chief
administrative officer of the company, reporting to Conseco's President and CEO
William Kirsch.

"We are excited to welcome Jim to Conseco as the company's chief administrative
officer," Kirsch said. "Jim is a first-class individual who enjoys extensive
industry experience and a strong track record. Jim will play an important role
in developing and implementing our strategy to transform the company into an
industry leader. Personally, I am delighted to have the opportunity to work with
Jim."

"Conseco is extremely well positioned in customer and product segments
characterized by exceptional growth and value creation opportunities," Hohmann
said. "I am very enthusiastic about joining the Conseco team. I believe in
Conseco's leadership and its mission. I look forward to delivering success as
part of its leadership team," Hohmann added.

As chief administrative officer, Hohmann will have responsibility for legal,
actuarial, new product development, strategic planning and business development
functions. He joins Conseco from XL Life and Annuity, where he was president and
CEO. At XL, he was responsible for the creation of XL Capital's U.S.- based life
insurance platform and related businesses, and formed XL Life and Annuity
Holding. Prior to his tenure at XL, he was president, financial institutions,
for Zurich Kemper Life, and before that, was managing partner of the Tillinghast
Life Insurance Practice in Chicago for Towers Perrin.

Hohmann holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Northwestern University, and an MBA
from the University of Chicago. He is a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and
is a member of the American Academy of Actuaries.

Conseco, Inc.'s insurance companies help protect working American families and
seniors from financial adversity: Medicare supplement, long-term care, cancer,
heart/stroke and accident policies protect people against major unplanned
expenses; annuities and life insurance products help people plan for their
financial futures. For more information, visit Conseco's web site at
www.conseco.com.

                                   - # # # # -


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>zehnder.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 99.2


NEWS

For Release          Immediate


Contacts             (News Media) Jim Rosensteele, SVP, Corporate Communications
                     317.817.4418
                     (Investors) Tammy Hill, SVP, Investor Relations
                     317.817.2893


   Zehnder joins Conseco as Executive Vice President, Corporate Communications

Carmel, Indiana, December 20, 2004 - Conseco, Inc. (NYSE:CNO) today announced
the appointment of Anthony B. Zehnder as Executive Vice President, Corporate
Communications, reporting to Bill Kirsch, Conseco's President and CEO.

"We are excited to welcome Tony to Conseco as head of corporate communications,"
Kirsch said. "Tony's 23 years of experience in creating and leading successful
communications programs at major companies will be invaluable as Conseco
continues its drive for business excellence. Communications will be critical in
building a performance-based culture inside the company, and Tony's skills will
be equally important in helping the company strengthen its relationships with
all our external stakeholders. Personally, I am delighted to have the
opportunity to work with Tony."

Zehnder comes to Conseco from Lehman Brothers, the New York investment bank,
where he was a managing director and head of global corporate communications. At
Lehman, Zehnder created the firm's first global corporate communications
function, comprising advertising, branding, marketing and media relations in the
U.S., Europe and Asia, and served on Lehman's Executive Management Committee.

Before Lehman, Zehnder served two years as Executive Director and Head of
Corporate Communications in the Americas for UBS AG/UBS Warburg, a global
commercial and investment bank based in New York. He also served seven years as
a public relations executive with General Electric Company, where he held
positions as manager of public relations programs for GE, Acting Director,
Corporate Public Relations and Advertising for GE Capital Services, and head of
corporate communications for Kidder, Peabody & Company in New York. His
corporate communications experience also includes work with Shawmut National
Corporation in Hartford, Conn. and Boston, and First Chicago Corporation in
Chicago.

Zehnder began his business career as a newspaperman, with nine years as Editor
for Chronicle Publishing Company, St. Charles, Ill., where he managed editorial
and print production for four newspapers.

He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Psychology from Beloit (Wis.) College, and
is affiliated with The Public Relations Seminar, The Wisemen Society, and the
Financial Communications Society.

Conseco, Inc.'s insurance companies help protect working American families and
seniors from financial adversity: Medicare supplement, long-term care, cancer,
heart/stroke and accident policies protect people against major unplanned
expenses; annuities and life insurance products help people plan for their
financial futures. For more information, visit Conseco's web site at
www.conseco.com.

                                  - # # # # -


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
