-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 IVYbLTxug0FJFtBewkgmtLHwmzh9ZNTYu488BVjwr/HESiro2qFDqG/vkiOTUPkX
 v3GJNwz59wyGpZ4m0yG5Xw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000891092-04-006042.txt : 20041227
<SEC-HEADER>0000891092-04-006042.hdr.sgml : 20041224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041227172807
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000891092-04-006042
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHARDAN CHINA ACQUISITION CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001275567
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				200456115

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50604
		FILM NUMBER:		041227118

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 SOUTH HIGHWAY 101 STE 215
		CITY:			SOLANA BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92075
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>e20219_8k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                   ----------

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT
                     PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 20, 2004

                         CHARDAN CHINA ACQUISITION CORP.
               (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

          Delaware                    000-50604                 20-0456115
          --------                    ---------                 ----------
(State or Other Jurisdiction         (Commission               (IRS Employer
      of Incorporation)              File Number)            Identification No.)

625 Broadway, Suite 1111, San Diego, California                    92101
- -----------------------------------------------                    -----
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)                       (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (858) 847-9000

                                 Not Applicable
                                 --------------
          (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

|_|   Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
      CFR 230.425)

|_|   Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
      240.14a-12)

|_|   Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
      Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

|_|   Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
      Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

<PAGE>

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

General; Structure of Acquisition

      On December 20, 2004, Chardan China Acquisition Corp. ("CCAC") entered
into a Stock Purchase Agreement ("Purchase Agreement") with State Harvest
Holdings Limited, a British Virgin Islands corporation ("Origin"), and all the
stockholders of Origin ("Origin stockholders") for CCAC's acquisition of Origin.
Origin is a BVI holding company formed for the purpose of owning, as of the
closing, four Chinese companies engaged in the production and sale of
agricultural corn, cotton and rice seeds. The operating companies are Beijing
Origin Seed Limited, Changchun Origin Seed Technical Development Limited and
Henan Origin Cotton Technology Development Limited (these three companies are
referred to as the "Chinese Operating Subsidiaries"), and the technology -
intellectual property holding and licensing company is Beiging Origin State
Harvest Biotechnology Limited ("Origin Biotechnology").

      For the acquisition, CCAC will form its own wholly-owned subsidiary under
the laws of the British Virgin Islands, under the name Origin Agritech Limited
("Agritech"), and at the time of the closing, CCAC will merge with and into
Agritech for the purpose of redomestication out of the United States to secure
future tax benefits. This redomestication merger will be achieved by a
one-for-one exchange of all the outstanding common stock of CCAC for common
stock of Agritech and the assumption of all the rights and obligations of CCAC
by Agritech, including assumption of the outstanding warrants of CCAC on the
same terms as they currently exist. Then, Agritech immediately will acquire all
the common stock of Origin by the issuance of shares and payment of cash
consideration as described below, making it a wholly owned subsidiary.
Additionally, at the closing, the Chinese parties to the Purchase Agreement will
execute various stock consignment agreements assigning to Origin their rights in
the Chinese Operating Subsidiaries so that they will become the equivalent of
subsidiaries of Origin under Chinese law. Beijing Origin Seed Limited will be
97.96% owned with Henan Agriculture University holding the remaining 2.04%,
Henan Origin Cotton Technology Development Limited will be 97.96% owned with the
remaining 2.04% owned by an individual, and Changchun Origin Seed Technical
Development Limited and Origin Biotechnology will be 100% owned. The three
Chinese Operating Companies will also execute Technology Service Agreements with
Origin Biotechnology for the assignment, holding and management of the
technology and intellectual property of the seeds and their production.

      The current management of Origin and the Chinese Subsidiaries, led by Dr.
Han Gengchen and Messrs. Yang Yasheng and Yuan Liang, will become the executive
officers of Agritech and will continue to operate the Chinese companies. These
persons will also become three of the nine-person board of directors of
Agritech. Kerry Propper, a current director and an officer of CCAC, also will be
a director of Agritech. Dr. Han and Messrs Yang and Yuan will enter into a
voting agreement with Agritech and Mr. Propper for their commitment to take such
action as is necessary to nominate and elect Mr. Propper and a designee of his
as directors of Agritech for three years after the closing. Of the remaining
four director positions two will be filled upon the recommendation the Chinese
parties and two will be jointly determined, but consideration will be made in
meeting the requirements of having directors who are both independent and
financially sophisticated.


                                       2
<PAGE>

      The transaction is expected to be consummated in the second fiscal quarter
of 2005, after the required approval by CCAC stockholders, as discussed herein.

Purchase Price

      At the closing, the Origin stockholders and their designees, subject to
adjustments and certain holdbacks, will be paid an aggregate of $10,000,000 in
cash and issued an aggregate of 10,200,000 shares of Agritech common stock for
all the outstanding common stock of Origin. Of the cash portion of the purchase
price, $250,000 will be held back for one year by Agritech to secure certain
indemnification obligations of the Origin stockholders.

      As additional purchase price, Agritech will pay to the Origin stockholders
and their designees, up to an aggregate of $15,000,000 in the event that any of
the following occurs during any fiscal year of Agritech after the closing date
until December 31, 2008 (or June 30, 2009 if the fiscal year is changed to a
July 1 - June 30 fiscal year):

      A. If Agritech receives at least $40,000,000 in gross proceeds in
additional financing (i) as a result of the call of the outstanding public
warrants assumed by Agritech at the closing; (ii) upon Agritech's successful
completion of a secondary offering; or (iii) the private investment into
Agritech by a strategic investor ("Financing Adjustment"); or

      B. If Agritech generates a net positive cash flow of not less than
$2,000,000 on a consolidated basis in any fiscal year after the closing
("Earnings Adjustment"), the Origin stockholders and their designees will be
entitled to receive 75% of the net positive cash flow up to a maximum of
$7,500,000 per fiscal year; provided however, that the board of directors of the
surviving corporation, solely on the basis of a proposal by Dr. Han, as a
director, may reduce the amount to be paid in any one year.

      In the event that both an Earnings Adjustment and a Financing Adjustment
occurs, the maximum aggregate amount to be paid to the Origin stockholders from
one or both adjustments is $15,000,000.

      As further additional purchase price, certain Origin stockholders and
their designees will be issued, on an all or none basis per year, an aggregate
of 1,500,000 shares of common stock of Agritech, if on a consolidated basis,
Agritech has or exceeds after-tax profits (excluding after-tax operating profits
from any subsequent acquisition for securities that have a dilutive effect and
before the expenses of this transaction and director and employee option
expense) in the following amounts for the indicated 12-month periods ending June
30:

                 Year ending June 30,                After Tax Profit
                 --------------------                ----------------
                        2006                           $11,000,000
                        2007                           $16,000,000
                        2008                           $21,000,000
                        2009                           $29,000,000


                                       3
<PAGE>

Representations and Warranties

      The Purchase Agreement contains representations and warranties of each of
the CCAC, Origin and the Origin stockholders relating to, among other things,
(a) proper corporate organization and similar corporate matters, (b) capital
structure of each constituent company, (c) the authorization, performance and
enforceability of the Purchase Agreement, (d) licenses and permits, (e) taxes,
(f) accredited investor status, (g) absence of undisclosed liabilities, (h)
holding of leases and ownership of other properties, including intellectual
property, (i) accounts receivable, (j) inventory, (k) contracts, (l) title and
condition of assets, (m) absence of certain changes, (n) employee matters, (o)
compliance with applicable laws, (p) absence of litigation, (q) compliance with
applicable provisions of securities laws, including past and transaction-related
filings. The Origin Stockholders have represented and warranted that they own
all the stock of Origin.

Covenants

      Each of the CCAC, Origin and the Origin stockholders has agreed to
continue to operate their respective businesses in the ordinary course prior to
the closing. In addition, CCAC will pursue this transaction and take the actions
necessary to redomesticate at the time of the closing. Origin and the Origin
subsidiaries will pursue this transaction and take the actions necessary to
reorganize so that at the closing there will be a parent holding corporation
formed under British Virgin Islands law with four subsidiaries formed and
operating under the law of the Peoples Republic of China ("PRC") law.

      Additional material covenants under the Purchase Agreement include:

      (i)   Obtaining all necessary approvals, including shareholder and
            governmental approvals for redomestication in the BVI by CCAC and
            for reorganization of the Chinese Operating Subsidiaries and Origin
            Biotechnology under PRC law;

      (ii)  Origin and each Origin subsidiary must maintain insurance polices
            providing insurance coverage for its business and its assets in the
            amounts and against the risks as are commercially reasonable for the
            businesses and risks covered;

      (iii) The Origin stockholders must protect confidential information and
            maintain the confidentiality of Origin and the Chinese Operating
            Subsidiaries proprietary information and they must not compete with
            the business of Origin, without the written consent of Origin,
            anywhere in the PRC, Hong Kong and Taiwan;

      (iv)  Until the closing neither the Origin stockholders nor Origin nor any
            Origin subsidiary shall solicit or initiate proposals from, provide
            information to or hold discussions with any party, enter into any
            agreement or understanding, providing for any acquisition of any
            capital stock of Origin and any Origin subsidiary or any part of
            their respective assets or businesses;


                                       4
<PAGE>

      (v)   Until the closing, the Origin stockholders and their affiliates,
            directly or indirectly, will not engage in any transactions
            involving the securities of CCAC;

      (vi)  For three years after the closing, Origin, the Origin stockholders
            and Agritech will use their best efforts to nominate Kerry Propper
            and one additional person for election as directors;

      (vii) After the closing of the transaction, Agritech shall be responsible
            for payment of a $1,000,000 capital contribution for Beijing Origin
            State Harvest Biotechnology Limited, as required by PRC law, and to
            the extent that such capital is paid by Dr. Han, take action to
            fully reimburse him for any advances of the capital contribution.

Conditions to Closing

      A.    General Conditions

      Consummation of the transaction is conditioned on the stockholders of
CCAC, at a meeting called for these purposes, (i) approving the Purchase
Agreement and related transactions, (ii) approving the merger of CCAC into
Agritech for the purpose of corporate redomestication in the BVI, which will
include retention of the Agritech name and an increase in the authorized capital
of the current company, and (iii) electing directors of Agritech. The
stockholders will also be asked to adopt a stock option and award plan, but the
transaction is not dependent on the approval of this plan.

      The matter of the Purchase Agreement and the related transactions will
require approval by the holders of a majority of the common stock of CCAC, all
of which will be described in the CCAC proxy statement. The holders of the
common stock of CCAC issued prior to its initial public offering ("IPO"),
including such shares held by the current officers and directors of CCAC
("Non-Public Shares"), have agreed to vote in the matter of the Purchase
Agreement as the majority of the shares sold in the IPO ("Public Shares") are
voted. Additionally, if holders owning 20% or more of the Public Shares vote
against the transaction and exercise their right to convert their Public Shares
into a pro-rata portion of the funds held in trust by CCAC, then the transaction
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement cannot be approved. The approval of the
redomestication and corresponding differences in the charters of CCAC and
Agritech will require a vote of a majority of the outstanding common stock of
CCAC. The approval of the stock plan will require the approval of the majority
of the holders of CCAC common stock present at the meeting. The directors are
elected by a plurality of the shares of common stock of CCAC outstanding.

      In addition, the Purchase Agreement is conditioned upon (i) no order,
stay, judgment or decree issued by any governmental authority preventing,
restraining or prohibiting in whole or in part, the consummation of the
transactions contemplated in the Purchase Agreement, (ii) execution and delivery
to each party of each of the various transaction documents, (iii) delivery by
each party to the other party of a certificate to the effect that the
representations and warranties of each party are true and correct in all
material respects as of the closing and all covenants


                                       5
<PAGE>

contained in the Purchase Agreement have been materially complied with by each
party, and (iv) receipt of necessary consents and approvals by third parties and
completing necessary proceedings. B. Origin and Origin Stockholder Conditions to
Closing

      The obligations of Origin and each Origin stockholder to consummate the
transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement also are conditioned upon
each of the following, among other things: (i) Agritech will be an existing
company under the laws of the British Virgin Islands; (ii) Origin shall have
entered into, effective as of the closing, the employment agreements with the
key executives, Dr. Han and Messrs. Yuan and Yung, the forms of which are
exhibits to the Purchase Agreement; and (iii) Disbursement of funds held in the
trust account maintained for CCAC.

      C.    CCAC's Conditions to Closing

         The obligation of CCAC to consummate the transactions contemplated by
the Purchase Agreement also are conditioned upon each of the following, among
other things:

      (i)   The Origin Stockholders shall have delivered the Origin stock;

      (ii)  The Stock Consignment Agreements and Technology Services Agreements
            will be executed and delivered;

      (iii) At the closing, there shall have been no material adverse change in
            the assets, liabilities, financial condition or prospects of Origin,
            the Origin subsidiaries or its business from that shown or reflected
            in the financial statements of Origin at September 30, 2004 and as
            to be described in the CCAC proxy statement, and between the date of
            the Purchase Agreement and the closing date, there shall not have
            occurred an event which, in the reasonable opinion of CCAC would
            have a material adverse effect on Origin or the subsidiaries of
            Origin;

      (iv)  At the closing, Origin and the Origin subsidiaries, on a
            consolidated basis immediately prior to closing, will have not less
            than US $10,000,000 in cash assets and will have short and long term
            debt only to the extent arising in the ordinary course of business;

      (v)   The information about Origin and its subsidiaries and its management
            provided for inclusion in the CCAC proxy statement at the time of
            its distribution and at the closing, will accurately reflect the
            business, Origin, the


                                       6
<PAGE>

            Origin subsidiaries and the Origin stockholders, and not contain any
            untrue statement of a material fact or omission;

      (vi)  Each of Dr. Han and Messrs. Yang and Yuan will have entered into the
            employment agreements with Origin; and

      (vii) Each of Dr. Han and Messrs. Yang and Yuan will have entered into the
            form of voting agreement which is an exhibit to the Purchase
            Agreement that provides for them to vote all of the shares of
            Agritech over which they have direct or beneficial ownership and
            voting authority in favor of Kerry Propper and one of Mr. Propper's
            designees as directors of Agritech for a period of three years after
            the closing.

Indemnification

      The Origin Stockholders shall indemnify and hold harmless Agritech for any
damages, whether as a result of any third party claim or otherwise, and which
arise from or in connection with the breach of representations and warranties
and agreements and covenants of Origin, the Origin subsidiaries or the Origin
Stockholders. Agritech shall indemnify and hold harmless each Origin stockholder
from and against and shall reimburse each Origin stockholder for any damages,
whether as a result of any third party claim or otherwise, and which arise from
or in connection with the breach of representations and warranties and
agreements and covenants of CCAC, which will be assumed by Agritech upon the
redomestication merger. Claims may be asserted once the damages exceed $50,000.
Any indemnification payments shall be deemed to be an adjustment to the purchase
price. There will be withheld $250,000 from the initial payment of $10,000,000
to be paid to the Origin Stockholders at the closing, for a period of 12 months,
to be available to satisfy, in whole or part, any claim under the
indemnification obligations of the Origin Stockholders.

      The determination to assert a claim for indemnification against the Origin
stockholders for the benefit of Agritech will be determined by an independent
committee of the board of directors of Agritech. The independent committee of
the board of directors will consist of two persons, as selected by the board of
directors, none of whom is an officer or employee of Agritech and its
subsidiaries or is the direct or beneficial owner of 5% or more of the voting
capital stock of Agritech.

Termination

      The Purchase Agreement may be terminated at any time, but not later than
the closing as follows:

      (i)   By mutual written consent of CCAC and Origin;


                                       7
<PAGE>

      (ii)  By either party if the other party amends a schedule and such
            amendment or supplement reflects a material adverse change in the
            condition, operations or prospects of its business; (iii) By either
            party if the closing has not occurred by May 31, 2005 (unless such
            terminating party is in breach of any of its material covenants,
            representations or warranties);

      (iv)  By either party if the other party has breached any of its covenants
            or representations and warranties in any material respect and has
            not cured its breach within 10 business days of the notice of an
            intent to terminate, provided that the terminating party is itself
            not in breach;

      (v)   By Origin, if the board of directors of CCAC (or any committee
            thereof) shall have failed to recommend or withdraw or modify in a
            manner adverse to Origin its approval or recommendation of the
            Purchase Agreement and any of the transactions contemplated thereby;

      (vi)  By CCAC if its board of directors shall have determined in good
            faith, based upon the advice of outside legal counsel, that failure
            to terminate the Purchase Agreement is reasonably likely to result
            in the board of directors breaching its fiduciary duties to
            stockholders by reason of the pendency of an unsolicited, bona fide
            written proposal for a superior transaction; or

      (vii) By either party if, at the CCAC stockholder meeting, the Purchase
            Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby shall fail to be
            approved and adopted by the affirmative vote of the holders of
            CCAC's common stock, or 20% or more of the Public Shares request
            conversion of their shares into the pro rata portion of the trust
            fund in accordance with the CCAC certificate of incorporation.

      If the Purchase Agreement is terminated by CCAC for material breach of a
covenant, representation or warranty or material amendment to a schedule of
Origin, the Origin subsidiaries or Origin stockholders, then the Origin
stockholders will pay CCAC $1,000,000 upon termination of the Purchase Agreement
in lieu of any other right or remedy that the CCAC may have against the other
parties to the Purchase Agreement for such breach. If the Purchase Agreement is
terminated by Origin for a material breach of a covenant, representation or
warranty or material amendment to a schedule of CCAC, or because the board of
directors of CCAC fails to recommend or withdraws or modifies its approval or
recommendation of approval of the Purchase Agreement, then Richard Propper,
Kerry Propper, Jiangnan Huang, Li Zhang, Dan Beharry and Steven Urback (pro rata
in relation to their initial ownership in CCAC) will pay Origin $1,000,000 upon
termination of the Purchase Agreement in lieu of any other right or remedy that
Origin may have against the other parties to the Purchase Agreement for such
breach. The Origin entities have no right to damages from CCAC or Agritech and
they have no right to any amount held in the trust fund, and they have agreed
not to make any claim against CCAC and Agritech that would adversely affect the
business, operations or prospects of CCAC and Agritech or the amount of the
funds held in the trust fund.


                                       8
<PAGE>

Employment Agreements

      Each of Dr. Han Gengchen and Messrs. Yuan Liang and Yung Yasheng will
enter into a three-year employment agreement with Origin. Dr. Han will be
employed as the chief executive officer, Mr. Yuan will be the executive vice
chairman and Mr. Yang will be president and chief operating officer. The
agreements will provide for an annual salary of $250,000 and a discretionary
cash bonus based on growth in CCAC's per-share value, achievement of growth and
business targets, satisfaction of company capital requirements and other
criteria, as the compensation committee determines. The executives will be
entitled to insurance benefits, five weeks vacation, a car and reimbursement of
business expenses and, if necessary, relocation expenses. The agreements will be
terminable by Origin for death, disability and cause. The executive may
terminate for good reason, which includes CCAC's breach, the executive not being
a member of the board of directors, and change of control. In the event of
termination for good reason, the executive will receive two years compensation
and benefits. The agreements contain provisions for the protection of
confidential information and a three-year-after employment non-competition
period within the PRC. In the Purchase Agreement, there is an additional
non-competition agreement applicable to these persons for the greater of five
years after consummation or two years after employment that includes Hong Kong
and Taiwan, in addition to the PRC.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure

Overview of Origin

      Origin is one of the premier players in China's seed industry. It
specializes in the research, development, production, sale and distribution of
agricultural crop seeds. Origin's primary concentration is on hybrid corn seed,
but it is in the process of expanding into the development and sale of
cottonseed and hybrid rice seed.

      Origin was founded in December 1997, with headquarters in Beijing.
Currently, Origin has over four hundred employees. It has four subsidiaries, one
of which is a technology holding corporation to hold and manage its intellectual
property. Origin operates through several branches in locations in Beijing,
Hebei, Gansu, Henan, Liaoning, Jilin, and Sichuan. As Origin expands, it plans
to locate additional production facilities, sales offices and research stations
strategically throughout China in the main corn, cotton, and rice agricultural
belts.

Leading Market Position

      Although Origin has only a six-year history in the Chinese seed industry,
many of its business practices have become benchmarks for other Chinese seed
companies. Origin's executives have global business experience and access to
global resources through their previous industry, educational and research ties.
Origin employs a team of internationally educated and experienced managers and
researchers. Its in-house research and development team is one of the most
efficient in the Chinese corn seed industry and has already developed many of
its own hybrid lines and established a rich product development pipeline.


                                       9
<PAGE>

      Origin is recognized for the quality of its hybrid corn seeds and
efficient sales network. As a result of these factors and its 24/7 service, its
seeds command a premium price in the seed market. Origin believes that it
currently has the largest processing capability, largest company-run seed
production base and most advanced equipment in the Chinese seed industry.
Furthermore, it is the only Chinese seed company that provides post-sale
technical service, which serves to bolster its relationship with its customer
base.

      The seed industry in China has significant time and expense barriers to
entry. It generally takes between eight and ten years to develop and sell
proprietary hybrid seeds in China. First, prior to initiating government
licensing and testing procedures, a company seeking to sell seed must develop
environment specific hybrid products appropriate for a given regional market, a
process that can last as long as four to six years. Second, the company must be
granted two licenses, a process which takes at least one year. Third, the
company must submit seeds for government testing, which lasts at least three
years, and then it must wait until the following growing season to begin sales.
Once this process is completed, a new company must build brand recognition and a
sales and service network in order to reach the market.

Origin Represents a Consolidation Opportunity in a Fragmented Market

      The vast majority of the global hybrid seed market is controlled by
Monsanto, Pioneer and Sygenta; however, there is no market leader in China at
this time. The Chinese seed market is extremely fragmented, and the top five
companies control less than 25% of the market. In 2003, Origin had approximately
a 3% market share and in the first nine months of 2004, Origin had a 3.75%
market share, and it is among these top five companies. The remaining 75% of the
Chinese market is spread among approximately 5,000 local seed producers that
sell only to local farmers. These companies, in general, are poorly run and have
no motivation to expand geographically. Their product is generally neither
uniform nor up to international standards. Origin believes that, in the future,
it is likely that these companies will discontinue seed production and become
distributors for one of the larger, better capitalized and quality oriented seed
companies, like Origin.

Origin Has Seasoned Management Team

      The Chairman and CEO, Dr. Han, received his PhD in Plant Breeding and
Cytogenetics from Iowa State University and has over twenty years experience in
the seed industry. He worked for the International Maize and Wheat Improvement
Center (CIMMYT) in Mexico from 1987 to 1990, and Pioneer Hi-bred International
Inc., in the Philippines and Taiwan, from 1990 to 1996. Dr. Han's concentration
is in the research and development of corn seed and general management of the
Origin seed business.

      The President and Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Yang, has over fifteen
years of experience in marketing and selling corn products in China. He studied
molecular biology at the University of Maryland in the US, and served as an
officer in the Fujian provincial government where he specialized in the areas of
technology, medicine and education. Since Mr. Yang joined Origin sales revenues
have increased rapidly, from RMB28MM (US$3.5 million) in 1998 to nearly RMB300MM
(US$38 million) in 2003.


                                       10
<PAGE>

      The company's executive vice chairman is Mr. Yuan, who has been with the
company since 1997. Mr. Yuan received his Bachelor and Master degrees in
Mechanical Engineering from Shanghai Jiao Tong University. One of the other
companies with which Mr. Yuan is affiliated as a director with Fujian
Co-development Company, which is listed on the Hong Kong exchange.

      Origin currently has 32 research and development specialists, 142 sales
people, 59 administrative staff, and 183 technicians in the production plants.

Production of the High Quality Hybrid Seeds

      Origin believes that it maintains the strictest seed quality control
system in China. It was the first Chinese seed company to gain ISO9001-2000
certification. To continue its position as a quality producer, the company
consistently expends approximately5% of its gross income resources on research
and development. Also, the company established its own stable of seed production
bases in Gansu and Inner Mongolia by providing seed-producing farmers with
technical training and strict field quality control practices. Origin believes
that it has the largest processing capability and utilizes the most advanced
equipment in China, which helps to guarantee a high quality of hybrid seeds. By
employing these practices, Origin believes that it has achieved a product
quality on par with, if not superior to, that of its foreign counterparts.

      Origin has very close relationships with the top academic research
institutions in China, including the Chinese Academy of Science, China
Agricultural Academy of Science, Beijing Agricultural Academy of Science, Henan
Agricultural University and Liaoning Agricultural Academy. Origin has cooperated
with these institutions through contractual research, partnering relationships
and by joint-licensing various varieties of their hybrid seeds. One of Origin's
subsidiaries is 2.04% owned by Henan University.

      The development of the science of genetics has permitted the creation of
new species of corn, rice and cotton, rather than just new varieties.
Genetically modified (GM) corn, soybean and cotton have been widely used in the
United States and many other countries to guard against insect damage and to
increase yields. The future potential for GM corn and rice in China is
astounding. Since receiving Chinese government approval, GM cotton is now
planted by nearly 70% of Chinese cotton farmers to guard against bore damage.
Because the Chinese market has widely accepted GM cotton, and the Ministry of
Agriculture is beginning to promote GM rice seed, Origin believes that GM
products will eventually be fully promoted and accepted in the Chinese market.

      In response to these developments, Origin initiated its own biotech
program in 2000, and it is cooperating with the Chinese Academy of Science,
China Agricultural University, China Agricultural Academy of Science and Beijing
Agricultural Academy of Science on gene research. Origin's strategy is to ensure
that the technology will be ready when the market is ready.


                                       11
<PAGE>

National Marketing and Distributors

      Origin has its own sales organization of 142 persons that oversee all
aspects of the distribution and retail sale network and promote the company
sales to the expanding distribution chain.

      Origin has established a stable, nationwide distribution network with over
1,200 first-level distributors and over 20,000 second-level distributors and
some retailers. The distributors in turn sell to the retailers and retailers
sell to the farmers, of which there are over 200 million end-user corn farmers
in China. This distribution network covers almost all the provinces of China,
excluding only Qinghai and Tibet. The top five provinces in terms of sales
volume are Jilin, Sichuan, Liaoning, Chongqin and Hunan, representing 42.51% of
Origin's 2003 annual sales volume.

      Generally, there is only one distributor responsible for all sales of
Origin products in a specific county on an exclusive basis. In order to enforce
exclusivity and monitor product locations, Origin assigns a code to each
distributor and marks all packaging sent to the distributor with this code.
Vigilant monitoring of territory integrity and enforcement of penalties, which
may include termination of distribution rights, provides stability and
profitability within the distribution network, ensuring quality services and
product availability to the end customers. Origin enjoys a very positive
reputation for its implementation and enforcement of this exclusive distribution
system.

      All distributors' orders must be paid in full prior to delivery. Advance
deposit orders account for between 70% and 80% of Origin's sales; the remaining
20 % to 30% are comprised of spot transactions. Distributors are able to obtain
discounts by advance deposit during the months of August, September and October.
At the end of the annual sales season, Origin sets a final sales price that is
below the suggested retail price. Those distributors who have taken delivery of
product prior to the set price are refunded the difference, if any, though many
elect to have Origin retain a portion to count toward their advance deposit for
the following year.

      Origin maintains very close relationships with its distributors. A
distributor, once certified, receives many value-added services such as
management training, sales technical training, marketing information and
technical support. After-sales service also includes "zero risk storage
management" for the distributors. This program guarantees that distributors that
have an overstock of Origin seed will be relieved of their surplus by the
company's repurchase program. Sales representatives re-allocate surplus
inventory to other areas of demand. This service speeds-up distributors'
clearance of stock and reduces both inventory risk and carrying costs. In
addition to the positive impact on the distribution network and the increased
assurance that product availability is commensurate with demand, the zero
overstock program helps insure that end-user seed is of the highest quality and
within the company-specified shelf life.

      On an annual basis, Origin's sales team assists distributors in writing
monthly sales plans. These sales plans are then submitted to Origin via
facsimile 30 days prior to required seed delivery dates. Every year around the
harvest season, Origin organizes corn production demonstrations in cooperation
with local villages and seed distributors, to which are invited


                                       12
<PAGE>

farmers and others in the seed distribution chain. At these demonstrations,
Origin teams show their hybrid corn, explain planting techniques, discuss
industry best practices and disseminate promotional materials. These marketing
and production demonstrations help create new demand, not only in each village
where demonstrations are held, but also in nearby villages, for both the current
season and for succeeding years.

      The technical department of the company has a 24-hour toll-free number
available for farmers and distributors, through which they can obtain solutions
to specific technical problems and issues of seed piracy. If on-site help is
required, a Technical Assistant will arrive on location within 48 hours of a
call. Origin also enlists the help of its distributors to provide help and
advice to the farmer. As a result, Origin provides an unique level of service in
China which builds brand identity and loyalty and has resulted in improving
sales.

      Using local TV and radio broadcasts, Origin promotes its brand to over 70%
of its geographic market, reaching over fourteen million individual farmer
households. Additionally, Origin publishes a seasonal newspaper, "Origin News,"
with a distribution to about twenty million farmers in which it addresses
technical issues, shares success stories and further promotes the Origin brand.
Origin News is the de facto source of product and technical information for the
Chinese peasant farmer. Origin maintains a database of over 1,000,000 farmers
that tracks buying habits and contact information.

      Product and technical service brochures are provided throughout the
distribution network and prove a valuable tool in promoting the sale of the corn
seed product and the recognition of the Origin brand. The Origin slogan, "When
buying seed, quality is paramount -- trust Origin," appears on all promotional
material, helping to build the brand in all the local markets.

Strong Intellectual Property Portfolio

      One of the strengths of Origin is its portfolio of intellectual property.
The most important of which is the portfolio of seed hybrids and varieties. In
addition it has various copyright and trademarks.

      Origin launched its first proprietary product in 2003 after six years of
research and development. In 2004, Origin delivered four new proprietary
products to the market. With its research, breeding system and management,
Origin has been able to introduce forty to fifty new proprietary products into
the government testing and approval cycle each year in the past and anticipates
continuing to do so at this pace. If Origin is successful in maintaining this
flow of new products, this should result in at least three new products being
approved and available for the market each succeeding year. Currently Origin has
seven products in the third and last year of the testing and approval cycle,
sixteen products in the second and twenty-three products in the first. These
currently ensure new hybrid seeds will be available for release to the market
each year over the next several years.

      Origin has brought to market twenty-one new varieties of hybrid seed in
2004, including eighteen varieties of corn and three varieties of cottonseed. Of
these varieties, four hybrid corn seeds and one hybrid cottonseed were developed
by Origin's research and development team,


                                       13
<PAGE>

while the remaining sixteen seed products were licensed from independent
research and development institutions, which have no commercialization ability
or distribution channels. All licenses are exclusive to Origin with the
exception of one seed product, Yuyu22. License fees paid to research institutes
are approximately 5% of the wholesale price, and are normally negotiated against
total annual sales volume per seed product.

      Seed counterfeiting is widespread in China. In response to this serious
problem, Origin has devised a user-friendly solution to protect the customer and
its seed brands. Origin places a unique identifying code on each bag of seed
that it sells. Farmers can call the technical support line to verify the code,
ensuring the seed is a genuine Origin product. Operators note each time a code
is verified, negating the possibility of a counterfeiter repeatedly using the
same number. Origin receives as many as 6,000 phone calls per day for technical
assistance and code verification.

      Origin has also sought and achieved court protection of is branded seeds.
In a recent action against 14 counterfeiters, the first tribunal level ordered a
cease and desist of infringement of the company seeds and awarded damages. The
case has been appealed on the issue of the damages. This case is unique in China
at this time and has demonstrated the widespread support for protecting seed
production. Origin expects this to have an important impact over the long term
in protecting its rights and brand identity.

Future Strategy: Entering the Cottonseed and Rice Seed Markets

      China is the largest producer and consumer of cotton in the world. Demand
for cottonseed in China is approximately 100 million KGs, or about 3 billion RMB
(US$375 million) annually. In China, rice is planted mainly for human
consumption. There are about 30 million hectares in use for planting rice in the
country. Demand for rice seed is about 600 million KGs, or about 6 billion RMB
(US$750 million) annually. Since the business models for corn, cotton and rice
production are very similar, and share similar sales channels, part of Origin's
strategic plan is to participate in the cotton and rice seed business.

      Since its inception in 1998, Origin has been working to develop its own
hybrid cottonseed. Currently, it has two cotton products in government testing
programs. After its success with corn seed sales in the Southwest of China (a
primary agricultural area for rice), Origin decided to enter the rice business
by taking advantage of its existing sales channels and corporate brand image. To
facilitate a quick start to this program, Origin will license a hybrid rice seed
from a partner research institute for resale by the end of this year. In
addition, Origin plans to produce and sell hybrid rice seed by the end of the
next growing season.

      Origin also plans, when possible, to acquire some of the smaller
distribution channels, to consolidate its position in the market and strengthen
its presence and increase its market share.


                                       14
<PAGE>

Item 9.01. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.

      (c)   Exhibits:

            10.1  (To be filed by amendment) Stock Purchase Agreement dated
                  December 20, 2004 among Chardan China Acquisition Corp., State
                  Harvest Holdings Limited and all the State Harvest Holdings
                  Limited stockholders

            99.1  (Filed herewith) Press release dated December 20, 2004


                                       15
<PAGE>

                                    SIGNATURE

      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: December 27, 2004                      CHARDAN CHINA ACQUISITION CORP.

                                              By: /s/ Kerry Propper
                                                  ------------------------------
                                              Name:  Kerry Propper
                                              Title: Executive Vice President


                                       16

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>e20219ex99_1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
                                   [LOGO](R)
                          Origin Seed Technology, Inc.

ghan@origin-sd.com.cn

CONTACT:                               -OR-       INVESTOR RELATIONS COUNSEL:
Richard Propper, MD, Chairman                     Devin Sullivan
Chardan China Acquisition Corp.                   (212) 836-9608
(858) 847-9000                                    dsullivan@equityny.com
                                                  Adam Prior
                                                  (212) 836-9606
                                                  aprior@equityny.com

                       CONFIDENTIAL/NOT FOR DISEMMINATION

                              FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

   CHARDAN CHINA ACQUISITION CORP. AND ORIGIN SEED TECHNOLOGY, INC. AGREE TO
                              BUSINESS COMBINATION

San Diego, CA and Beijing, China - December 20, 2004 - Chardan China Acquisition
Corp. (OTCBB:  CAQC, CAQCU,  CAQCW) ("Chardan") and privately held State Harvest
Holdings Limited. announced today that they have entered into a definitive stock
purchase agreement agreement pursuant to which Origin Seed Technology,  Inc. and
its  related  companies  in the  Peoples  Republic  of China will be acquired by
Chardan.  Upon consummation of the transaction,  Chardan will change its name to
Origin Agritech Company Limited ("Origin" or "the Company").

Under the terms of the  acquisition,  the  equity  interests  in Origin  will be
exchanged  for  10,200,000  shares of common stock of Chardan equal to 67.10% of
the total issued and outstanding  common stock of the  post-transaction  company
and a cash  payment  of  $10,000,000.  In  addition,  the  owners of Origin  are
entitled to receive, on an all or none basis each year, an additional  1,500,000
shares for the four years  beginning in June of 2006,  if they achieve after tax
profits of $11,000,000,  $16,000,000, $21,000,000, and $29,000,000 in the fiscal
years ending June 2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009,  respectively.  They also have the
right to be paid up to an additional  $15,000,000 from additional  financings or
earnings of the post-transaction company through June 30, 2009.
<PAGE>

Chardan China Acquisition Corp. and Origin Seed Technology
December ____, 2004


Origin is one of the  fastest  growing and most  profitable  seed  companies  in
China.  Under the current  management team its annual revenues and earnings grew
over the prior year at a compounded rate of 59% and 188%,  respectively for 2002
and 2003.  Since its  inception  six years ago,  with an investment of less than
$400,000,  Origin has been  capitalized and grown entirely from the redeployment
of its  earnings.  This  year,  Origin is the only  agricultural  company on the
Deloitte  Touche  Tohmatsu  list of the fastest  growing  companies  in the Asia
Pacific Region.

Origin  specializes  in  the  research,   development,   production,   sale  and
distribution  of hybrid  agricultural  crop seeds.  Its primary  focus is on the
development and sale of corn seeds, which account for over 95% of its sales this
year. It has just recently introduced entries in the cotton seed and hybrid rice
markets,  which currently account for the remainder.  The Company is headquarted
in Beijing,  China with  subsidiaries  and branches  located in Beijing,  Hebei,
Gansu, Henan,  Liaoning,  Jilin and Sichuan.  Origin has more than 400 employees
throughout these locations.

US GAAP audited  revenues for the first nine months of 2004 were US $25,726,468.
Net income for the first nine months of 2004 was US $4,604,386. Revenues for the
year ended December 31st 2003 were US  $23,155,370,  up from US $11,927,421  for
the year  ended  December  31st  2002.  Net  income  for the year ended 2003 was
$3,498,001.

As of September 30, 2004, cash and cash equivalents were US $4,589,805,  working
capital was US $4,874,759  and the current ratio was 1.4:1.  It is expected that
Origin's  total  assets and net  assets  will  increase  in the  quarter  ending
December 31, 2004, due to a variety of factors related to the seasonality of its
business.

The audited  financial  statements of Origin,  based on US GAAP, are included in
this  release,  and include the balance  sheets for the year ended  December 31,
2003 and the nine month period ended  September 30, 2004,  and the statements of
operations for the nine month period ended September 30, 2004, and for the years
ended December 31, of 2001, 2002, and 2003.
<PAGE>

Chardan China Acquisition Corp. and Origin Seed Technology
December ____, 2004


Origin is led by a seasoned  management team.  Chairman and CEO Dr. Gengchen Han
received his Ph.D. in Plant Breeding and Cytogenetics from Iowa State University
and has over 20 years of seed  industry  experience.  He  previously  worked for
Pioneer  Hi-bred  International  (1990-1996) and  International  Maize and Wheat
Improvement  Center in Mexico  (1987-1990).  Chief Operating Officer Yashen Yang
graduated  from the  University of Maryland with a degree in molecular  biology,
and served as an officer in the Fujian provincial  government.  He has more than
15 years of  experience  in  marketing  and  selling  corn  products  in  China.
Executive  vice chairman Liang Yuan received his BS and MA degrees in Mechanical
Engineering  from Shanghai Jiao Tong  University.  Mr Yuan is also a director of
Fujian Co-development  Company, which is listed on the Hong Kong Exchange.  Upon
consummation  of the  transactions,  these  presons  will  continue  to lead the
company and will be the management of the public company.

Chardan, based in San Diego,  California,  was incorporated in December 2003, to
acquire an operating  business  having its primary  operating  facilities in the
People's Republic of China.  Chardan  consummated its initial public offering on
March 22,  2004,  receiving  net proceeds of $21.2  million  through the sale of
4.025 million  units at $6.00 per unit.  Each unit was comprised of one share of
Chardan common stock and two redeemable  and  convertible  common stock purchase
warrants having an exercise price of $5.00.  Chardan holds over $20.5 million of
the  net  proceeds  of  that  offering  in a  trust  account  maintained  by  an
independent trustee which will be released upon the consummation of the business
combination.

Dr. Richard Propper,  Chairman of Chardan,  commented, "We are extremely pleased
that Chardan will be able to consummate an  acquisition of a company of Origin's
high caliber. The company is profitable,  cash flow positive and is in the early
stages  of its  growth  cycle.  In  addition,  its  internationally  experienced
management team has approached the business from a uniquely global  perspective,
executing on a strategy that we believe will continue to  significantly  enhance
shareholder  value. On a historical  basis Origin has had substantial  earnings,
and it has already received  deposits for approximately 80% of its expected seed
sales for the 2005 growing season."
<PAGE>

Chardan China Acquisition Corp. and Origin Seed Technology
December ____, 2004


Dr. Propper continued, "To put the business of Origin in context,  approximately
75% of China's 1.3 billion citizens are farmers. In a highly fragmented industry
in which the top five  companies  control  less than 15% of the corn seed market
and in which there are over 5000 participants,  Origin has garnered about a 4.5%
market share in 2004. Origin has significant  opportunity for growth in the corn
seed market since the majority of the Company's  competitors  are state-owned or
family  owned  and  operated  businesses  that do not have  the same  vertically
integrated  (R&D,  sales,  distribution)  model.  Despite  the fact  that  large
multinationals  have been  active in this  market for more than a decade  longer
than Origin,  they  aggregately  account for less than 1% of the total corn seed
market in the  aggregate.  Even  though  Origin  only has a  six-year  operating
history, many of its business practices have become benchmarks for other Chinese
seed companies. "

Dr. Propper concluded, "From an industry perspective, the high barriers to entry
are  appealing.  Today,  it  probably  would  take up to eight  years  for a new
competitor  to develop and sell  proprietary  hybrid seeds in China.  We believe
that  Origin's  in-house  R&D team is the most  efficient  in the  Chinese  seed
industry.  Origin  successfully passed registration trials for six of its hybrid
seeds in 2003 and for another six in 2004.  In  addition,  37 other  hybrids are
currently in various stages of official trials.  Origin consistently  devotes 5%
of its revenues to R&D, which has resulted in an impressive development pipeline
and  proprietary  product  portfolio.  Over  Origin's  six year  history,  while
developing a strong  portfolio of proprietary  hybrid seeds,  it  simultaneously
developed brand recognition,  consumer trust, and a nationwide sales and service
infrastructure that is unparalleled in the Chinese seed market.  Origin has also
established  rigorous  controls to protect its intellectual  property rights. In
fact,  the  Company   recently  won  the  first  case  in  China  in  which  DNA
fingerprinting  was used to prove that a  competing  company  was  stealing  and
reselling Origin hybrid seed.

Approximately 60,000 farmers,  localized in two provinces,  produce 18 different
types of hybrid seeds for Origin.  This seed, once processed and bagged, will be
sold to over 10,000,000 Chinese farmers in 2005. The Company has more than 1,200
first-level  distributors  and 20,000  second-level  distributors  and retailers
covering all but three Chinese provinces. Additionally, as the only Chinese seed
company offering 24/7 post-sale  technical service,  Origin has

<PAGE>

Chardan China Acquisition Corp. and Origin Seed Technology
December ____, 2004


engendered  solid customer  relationships.  We believe that Origin's  management
team has developed a solid  infrastructure  that is capable of supporting a much
larger enterprise in the future."

Origin's  Chairman and CEO Dr. Gengchen Han, stated,  "We are very excited about
the possibility of becoming a publicly traded entity in the United States.  On a
post  transaction  basis,  this combination  will  significantly  strengthen our
financial  position and give us added visibility.  The additional equity capital
will  allow  us  to  bolster  our  national  distribution  network,  expand  our
intellectual  property  portfolio  and  increase our level of  penetration  in a
highly  fragmented  marketplace.  In addition,  we will have the capital to make
strategic acquisitions when they become available in the future."

The  closing of the  acquisition  is subject to  customary  closing  conditions,
including Chardan  stockholder  approval of the stock purchase agreement and the
redomestication  of Chardan as a British  Virgin  Islands  company by means of a
merger into a wholly owned subsidiary.  In addition,  the closing is conditioned
on  holders  of not more  than 20% of the  shares of  Chardan  issued in the IPO
voting  against the business  combination  and electing to convert their Chardan
shares into cash, as permitted by the Chardan certificate of incorporation.  The
Chardan initial stockholdes and officers and directors, holding about 15% of the
voting stock,  have agreed to vote in favor of the  transaction.  It is expected
that the  transaction  will  close in the second  quarter  of 2005.  There is no
assurance given that the transaction will be approved by shareholders.

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private  Securities  Litigation  Reform Act of 1995,  about Chardan,  Origin and
their combined  business after completion of the proposed  acquisition.  Forward
looking   statements  are  statements  that  are  not  historical   facts.  Such
forward-looking  statements,  based upon the current beliefs and expectations of
Chardan's and Origin's management, are subject to risks and uncertainties, which
could cause actual results to differ from the forward  looking  statements.  The
following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ from those
set  forth in the  forward-looking  statements:  business  conditions  in China,
weather and natural  disasters,  changing

<PAGE>

Chardan China Acquisition Corp. and Origin Seed Technology
December ____, 2004


interpretations  of  generally  accepted  accounting  principles;   outcomes  of
government  reviews;   inquiries  and  investigations  and  related  litigation;
continued  compliance  with  government  regulations;  legislation or regulatory
environments,  requirements  or changes  adversely  affecting the  businesses in
which Origin is engaged;  fluctuations in customer  demand;  management of rapid
growth;  intensity of competition from other providers of seed products;  timing
approval and market  acceptance of new products  introduction;  general economic
conditions;  geopolitical  events  and  regulatory  changes,  as well  as  other
relevant  risks  detailed in Chardan's  filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission,  including its report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended  September
30,  2004.  The  information  set forth  herein  should be read in light of such
risks.  Neither  Chardan  nor  Origin  assumes  any  obligation  to  update  the
information contained in this press release.

Chardan  stockholders  are  urged  to read the  proxy  statement  regarding  the
proposed  transaction  when  it  becomes  available,  because  it  will  contain
important  information.  Copies of filings  about  Chardan and  Origin,  will be
available without charge, at the Securities and Exchange  Commission's  internet
site  (http://www.sec.gov),  and when  filed  will be  available  from  Chardan,
without charge, by directing a request to Chardan China  Acquisition  Corp., 625
Broadway, Suite 1111, San Diego, CA 92101.
<PAGE>

                         ORIGIN STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                                 (in US dollars)
                                                                        Calendar
                                                   9 Months ending        Year
Current assets:                                   September 30 2004       2003

  Cash and cash equivalents                            4,589,805      5,947,128
  Accounts receivable, net of allowance of nil,
    nil, $6144  and $2492  for
    2004, 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively

  Due from related parties                                60,412         62,828

  Advances to growers                                    554,548

  Advances to suppliers                                  811,768        890,608

  Inventories                                         11,481,043     20,647,370

  Income tax receivable                                                 175,156

  Prepaid expenses and other current assets              775,527      1,027,518

Total current assets                                  18,273,103     28,750,609

Land use rights, net                                   1,367,398      1,327,703

Plant and equipment, net                               7,364,182      6,693,733

Equity investment                                            817

Acquired intangible assets, net                          383,732         28,751

Deferred income tax assets                               205,475        258,823

Other assets                                              70,533         64,372

Total assets                                          27,665,241     37,123,991

Liabilities and shareholders' equity                        --             --

Current liabilities:                                        --             --

  Short-term borrowings                                2,416,480      4,228,840

  Accounts payable                                     1,237,676      1,748,839

  Due to growers                                         506,960      4,278,512

  Due to related parties                                 404,629

  Advances from customers                              8,026,180      8,870,809

  Deferred revenues                                                   7,889,318

  Other payables and accrued expenses                    806,419        503,535

<PAGE>

Chardan China Acquisition Corp. and Origin Seed Technology
December ____, 2004


Total current liabilities                             13,398,344     27,519,853

Other long-term liabilities                              346,982        346,982

Minority interests                                       443,037        384,665

Shareholders' equity:

  Additional paid-in capital                             (22,565)       (22,565)

  Retained earnings (accumulated deficit)              1,417,043     (3,187,344)

Total shareholders' equity                            13,476,877      8,872,491

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity            27,665,241     37,123,991
<PAGE>

                         ORIGIN STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                            (audited) (in US dollars)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               9 Months Ending
                                                               September 30th     Calendar Year      Calendar Year        Calendar
                                                                     2004              2003              2002             Year 2001
<S>                                                              <C>                <C>                <C>                <C>
Revenues                                                         25,726,468         23,155,370         11,927,421         9,068,635

Cost of revenues                                                 15,957,395         14,375,230          5,558,691         6,082,459

Gross profit                                                      9,769,072          8,780,140          6,368,730         2,986,176

Operating expenses:

  Selling and marketing expenses                                  1,851,423          1,608,276            782,991         1,075,329

  General and administrative expenses                             1,987,831          2,289,347          1,164,923         1,056,208

  Research and development expenses                                 553,830            638,913            649,061           301,750

Total operating expenses                                          4,393,084          4,536,536          2,596,975         2,433,287

Income from operations                                            5,375,988          4,243,604          3,771,755           552,889

Interest expense                                                    (61,728)           (58,396)           (50,376)          (20,810)

Interest income                                                      31,328            102,150             53,193            16,194

Other income                                                         12,744            137,394            273,771           795,528

Other expense                                                        (2,808)                             (346,982)

Income before income taxes and minority
interests                                                         5,355,524          4,424,752          3,701,361         1,343,802

Income taxes                                                        692,765            943,369            181,032           390,543

Income before minority interests                                  4,662,759          3,481,383          3,520,329           953,259

Minority interests                                                  (58,372)            16,618           (311,100)           27,229

Net income                                                        4,604,386          3,498,001          3,209,229           980,488
</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
