
THOMAS EQUIPMENT, INC. COMPLETES DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT TO ACQUIRE PNEUTECH INC.
Wednesday December 22, 4:43 pm ET
PNEUTECH INC. TO BECOME WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF THOMAS EQUIPMENT, INC.

MILWAUKEE, WI--(MARKET WIRE)--Dec 22, 2004 -- David Marks, Chairman, Thomas
Equipment, Inc., ("Thomas") (OTC BB:TEQI.OB - News) announced today that Thomas
reached and executed a definitive agreement with Pneutech Inc. ("Pneutech") to
acquire one hundred percent of its outstanding stock in a stock for stock tax
free acquisition. Execution of a definitive agreement was approved by Thomas'
Board of Directors; shareholders representing one hundred percent of Pneutech
have approved the transaction.

Thomas is a leading global manufacturer of a full line of skid steer and mini
skid steer loaders as well as attachments, mobile screening plants and six
models of mini excavators. Thomas distributes its products through a worldwide
network of distributors and wholesalers. In addition to its industrial and
construction products it manufactures a complete line of potato harvesting and
handling equipment.

Pneutech is a manufacturer of hydraulic systems and is a strategic supplier to
Thomas. In the fiscal year ending October 31, 2004, Pneutech had revenue of
approximately C$65,000,000. In addition, the current directors of Thomas will
assume similar positions with Pneutech. The definitive agreement is subject to
usual and customary commercial conditions including the approval of TEQI's
lenders.

"The Pneutech acquisition is a key element in my overall strategy of building
synergistic businesses with revolutionary technology," said Clifford Rhee,
President and Director of Thomas. "We are now poised for continued expansion,
both through acquisitions and via organic growth. Our mission is to make Thomas
a leading international manufacturer in all of its product lines." Mr. Rhee and
Mr. Kent own approximately 78 percent of the common shares of Pneutech.

TEQI Chairman David M. Marks stated: "This acquisition is integral to our
overall acquisition strategy in this space. Cliff and I are confident that we
will create tremendous shareholder value, as we continue to build the Thomas
business." Thomas' counsel, Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP,
http://www.srff.com/, represented it in the transaction.

About Thomas Equipment, Inc. ("TEQI"): Thomas Equipment, Inc.,
www.thomasequipment.net and www.thomasloaders.com, manufactures and distributes
through a worldwide network of dealers and distributors a full line of skid
steer and mini skid steer loaders as well as attachments, mobile screening
plants and six models of mini excavators. In addition to its industrial and
construction products it manufactures a complete line of potato harvesting and
handling equipment.

Safe Harbor Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Act of 1995 - With
the exception of historical information, the matters discussed in this press
release are forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties. The actual future results of either TEQI or CG could differ
significantly from those statements. Factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially include risks and uncertainties such as the inability to
finance the company's operations or expansion, inability to hire and retain
qualified personnel, changes in the general economic climate, including rising
interest rate and unanticipated events such as terrorist activities. In some
cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may,"
"will," "should," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate,"
"predict," "potential" or "continue," the negative of such terms, or other
comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions. Although we
believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, such statements should not be regarded as a representation by the
Company, or any other person, that such forward-looking statements will be
achieved. We undertake no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In light of
the foregoing, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such
forward-looking statements. For further risk factors see the risk factors
associated with our Company, review our SEC filings.

Contact:
     Contact:
     New-School Communications, LLC
     Blois Olson
     651-221-1999
     http://www.new-school.com
     -------------------------

- ----------
Source: Thomas Equipment, Inc.

