
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1


FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Contact:
Kathy Lynch
Investor Relations
Curative Health Services
631-232-7091
klynch@curativehealth.com


                            CURATIVE HEALTH SERVICES
                         ANNOUNCES THE CONSOLIDATION OF
                   CORPORATE OFFICES TO NASHUA, NEW HAMPSHIRE

Hauppauge, New York - December 20, 2004 - Curative Health Services, Inc.,
(Nasdaq: CURE), announced today that as part of the Company's continued
integration, its corporate headquarters and corporate functions will be
consolidated into the Company's office located in Nashua, New Hampshire. The
Company anticipates that the consolidation of the corporate offices will be
completed within the next six to eight months. The Company will not be renewing
its Hauppauge, New York office lease which expires in 2005.

"There will be many benefits associated with the consolidation of the corporate
offices, including decreasing overall corporate costs and improving operating
and management efficiencies," said President and Chief Executive Officer, Paul
F. McConnell. "In addition, the Company anticipates that it will achieve annual
savings of approximately $3.5 million upon completion of the headquarter
consolidation and reduction in management and other corporate positions."

The Company estimates its costs of moving furniture, fixtures and information
systems at approximately $1.0-$1.2 million, costs associated with personnel
retention and severances at approximately $1.8-$2.0 million, costs related to
closing down its Hauppauge office and expanding its Nashua office at
approximately $0.8-$1.0 million and equipment write offs of approximately
$0.2-$0.4 million for total estimated costs of approximately $3.8-$4.6 million.
Cash expenditures related to these costs are expected to be approximately
$3.6-$4.2 million. The Company expects to record charges related to the
consolidation and reduction in management and other corporate positions in the
fourth quarter of 2004 and subsequent quarters in 2005.

About Curative Health Services

Curative Health Services, Inc. seeks to deliver high-quality care and clinical
results for patients with serious or chronic medical conditions.

The Specialty Infusion business, through its national footprint of Critical
Care Systems' local pharmacy branches, provides products, related clinical
services and disease management support to patients with chronic or severe
conditions such as hemophilia and other bleeding disorders, chronic or severe
infections, gastrointestinal illnesses that prohibit oral digestion and other
severe conditions requiring nutritional support, immune system disorders,
cancer and susceptibility to respiratory syncytial virus.

<PAGE>

The Wound Care Management business is a leader in the area of disease management
specializing in chronic wound care management. The Wound Care Management
business manages, on behalf of hospital clients, a nationwide network of Wound
Care Center(R) programs that offer a comprehensive range of services for
treatment of chronic wounds.

For more information, visit www.curative.com.

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors,
which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company,
or industry results, to be materially different from any future results,
performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not
limited to, risks associated with our acquisition of Critical Care Systems
including, but not limited to, integration risks and costs, risks of client
retention, and risks associated with the operations of the acquired business, as
well as risks in our current businesses such as the substantial level of
indebtedness incurred in connection with the acquisition of Critical Care
Systems, the potential for termination or non-renewal of a material number of
contracts, an inability to obtain new contracts, changes in government
regulations relating to the Company's Specialty Infusion or Wound Care
Management businesses, changes in the regulations governing third party
reimbursements for the Company's services, manufacturing shortages of products
sold by Curative's Specialty Infusion business, the impact of competitive
products and pricing, the ability to maintain pricing arrangements with
suppliers that preserve margins, the seasonality and variability of operating
results, the Company's ability to implement its strategies and achieve its
objectives and the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the Company's
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers of this release are
referred to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed July 29,
2004, as amended, and its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2004, for further discussion of these and other risk factors that
could affect future results.
                                       ###


